Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 0
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 0.04 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 0.021 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 0.034 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 0.017 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 0.025 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 0.014 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 0.029 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 0.024 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 0.014 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 0.022 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 0.012 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 0.015 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 0.015 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 0.021 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 0.028 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 0.014 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 0.018 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 0.03 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 0.018 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 0.017 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 0.032 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 0.024 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 0.021 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 0.023 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 0.035 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 0.016 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 0.022 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 0.025 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 0.029 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 0.029 ms
send_message done
