Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10
Numbers of clients per server: 1

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 477.139 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 467.327 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 465.28 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 464.042 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 463.084 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 462.692 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 464.955 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 454.077 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 446.009 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 442.743 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 439.852 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 471.207 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 456.486 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 445.233 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 438.969 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 463.732 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 439.449 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 459.347 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 439.543 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 435.884 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 454.021 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 438.416 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 439.034 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 431.246 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 429.258 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 427.653 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 418.651 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 421.737 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 413.512 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 421.667 ms
timeline done
