Parameters:
Number of users: 1000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1878.879 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1819.92 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1823.354 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1819.038 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1827.442 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1824.786 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1831.1 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1829.386 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1827.92 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1834.353 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1824.751 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1832.568 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1832.575 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1822.387 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1794.347 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1822.031 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1831.903 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1834.85 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1825.566 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1827.098 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1822.945 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1797.754 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1822.737 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1817.294 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1827.376 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1829.091 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1826.219 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1821.116 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1821.741 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1813.073 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1089.572 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1062.813 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1053.747 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1062.415 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1067.367 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1063.562 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1063.275 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1058.804 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1058.097 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1065.102 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1066.937 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1059.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1060.498 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1056.979 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1062.362 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1058.347 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1059.931 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1052.993 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1066.066 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1071.662 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1049.698 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1059.689 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1066.659 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1060.268 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1066.62 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1066.841 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1059.467 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1059.647 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1066.952 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1065.917 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 622.11 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 598.213 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 598.174 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 600.122 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 596.484 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 598.645 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 596.119 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 590.958 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 589.49 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 597.843 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 599.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 598.807 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 597.721 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 597.001 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 592.485 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 586.625 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 591.677 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 588.751 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 589.676 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 595.878 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 592.982 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 591.801 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 592.051 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 594.582 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 593.34 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 592.285 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 594.366 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 594.163 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 597.179 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 591.586 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 409.098 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 396.894 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 373.383 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 365.163 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 365.224 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 356.864 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 366.749 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 362.635 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 357.637 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 358.643 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 357.401 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 354.463 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 353.762 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 356.878 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 354.479 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 354.296 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 362.045 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 360.425 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 356.618 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 363.672 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 360.476 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 363.952 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 358.167 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 365.315 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 361.635 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 362.72 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 362.649 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 360.712 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 355.814 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 356.84 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 321.003 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 301.458 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 281.374 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 271.129 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 256.148 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 259.865 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 253.906 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 254.214 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 252.761 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 258.223 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 249.373 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 249.11 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 250.588 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 254.324 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 248.795 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 247.245 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 246.489 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 248.63 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 248.314 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 248.684 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 245.146 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 248.13 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 247.021 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 248.427 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 245.914 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 248.738 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 249.636 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 249.951 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 250.411 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 252.456 ms
timeline done
