Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10
Numbers of clients per server: 1

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 523.751 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 494.532 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 493.963 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 498.668 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 493.068 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 493.851 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 484.66 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 479.377 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 468.764 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 459.26 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 450.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 447.468 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 444.797 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 445.165 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 438.503 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 439.277 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 433.986 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 433.614 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 428.107 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 429.906 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 426.995 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 428.326 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 431.348 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 437.014 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 424.417 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 429.339 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 429.361 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 420.637 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 425.963 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 420.994 ms
timeline done
