Parameters:
Number of users: 1000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 2083.878 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1876.147 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1869.795 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1864.732 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1855.224 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1862.496 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1862.016 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1870.17 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1867.56 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1864.606 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1864.859 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1863.716 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1863.785 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1859.974 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1854.905 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1867.945 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1867.677 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1864.705 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1864.525 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1940.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1857.056 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1857.987 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 2263.217 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1861.123 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1868.147 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1861.275 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1859.78 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1864.986 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1868.236 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1853.433 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1108.917 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1108.61 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1087.482 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1091.863 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1069.816 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1067.821 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1063.75 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1095.114 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1075.327 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1073.582 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1070.214 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1073.779 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1066.187 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1076.165 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1074.441 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1056.719 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1061.806 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1063.623 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1063.292 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1090.629 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1076.929 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1090.001 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1076.066 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1106.754 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1069.553 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1069.757 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1073.457 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1069.492 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1069.989 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1059.902 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 616.309 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 585.168 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 592.322 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 583.495 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 589.389 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 586.129 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 587.359 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 588.844 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 589.225 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 587.923 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 582.358 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 580.488 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 577.292 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 583.852 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 578.337 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 591.015 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 590.741 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 589.858 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 590.895 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 589.085 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 584.896 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 577.856 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 589.252 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 586.101 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 584.248 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 583.309 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 585.014 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 587.035 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 589.704 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 601.711 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 429.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 401.81 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 395.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 374.146 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 373.118 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 367.842 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 367.731 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 365.786 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 366.826 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 367.96 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 364.525 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 368.42 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 372.07 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 371.658 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 368.005 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 367.004 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 370.09 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 367.588 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 368.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 373.185 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 366.949 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 366.522 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 368.38 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 367.287 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 366.694 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 368.85 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 365.465 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 369.803 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 367.473 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 374.171 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 312.768 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 297.476 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 279.978 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 268.631 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 261.295 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 257.76 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 255.344 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 257.129 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 256.035 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 253.121 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 252.133 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 252.808 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 248.684 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 252.737 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 252.707 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 250.646 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 257.324 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 253.594 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 249.756 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 251.334 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 253.224 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 253.441 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 251.927 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 253.149 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 248.823 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 249.584 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 249.587 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 249.377 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 249.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 248.884 ms
timeline done
