Parameters:
Number of users: 1000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1792.659 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1757.971 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1750.311 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1732.255 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1696.321 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1730.01 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1751.929 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1726.495 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1736.91 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1724.54 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1740.216 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1754.44 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1715.005 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1739.425 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1737.977 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1710.896 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1773.629 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1729.226 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1732.447 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1706.784 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1740.243 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1715.049 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1749.142 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1701.83 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1712.806 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1746.816 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1745.793 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1717.195 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1780.032 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1745.546 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1496.173 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1478.787 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1451.341 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1489.849 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1435.692 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1417.109 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1451.316 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1445.153 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1422.415 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1427.434 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1461.686 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1447.4 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1480.261 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1460.501 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1442.512 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1458.976 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1464.429 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1431.505 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1454.649 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1474.108 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1474.707 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1448.111 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1451.573 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1461.967 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1448.768 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1464.865 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1430.892 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1476.86 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1439.626 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1437.238 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 601.772 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 592.51 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 593.711 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 587.822 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 579.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 579.49 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 581.021 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 582.736 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 582.074 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 589.279 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 581.222 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 586.418 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 587.533 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 587.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 586.445 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 588.656 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 583.687 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 590.875 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 585.343 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 581.874 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 587.063 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 603.638 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 594.045 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 586.924 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 588.361 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 580.601 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 585.716 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 574.116 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 584.727 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 585.721 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 379.463 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 373.662 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 375.62 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 359.133 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 357.547 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 357.612 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 350.119 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 354.344 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 353.419 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 353.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 346.08 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 364.405 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 349.949 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 368.04 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 358.739 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 362.106 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 365.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 361.078 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 370.391 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 419.402 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 459.112 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 472.634 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 522.34 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 474.251 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 454.931 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 471.695 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 445.568 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 470.318 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 460.941 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 469.075 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 323.505 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 315.621 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 299.6 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 291.237 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 297.474 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 309.29 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 304.184 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 291.137 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 272.808 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 276.376 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 286.555 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 271.042 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 282.083 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 286.035 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 279.735 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 278.175 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 290.558 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 279.317 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 275.054 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 285.358 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 289.398 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 277.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 272.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 277.15 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 289.558 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 274.535 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 289.066 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 283.118 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 274.197 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 274.549 ms
timeline done
