Parameters:
Number of users: 1000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1832.878 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1780.859 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1772.2 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1785.035 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1766.749 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1769.688 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1773.957 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1776.778 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1776.527 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1765.844 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1767.481 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1774.009 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1785.3 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1765.547 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1780.769 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1770.714 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1787.546 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1770.728 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1770.115 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1765.96 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1778.338 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1776.474 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1770.322 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1767.307 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1780.772 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1770.316 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1761.942 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1765.077 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1772.769 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1769.761 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1140.891 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1073.023 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1088.532 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1067.65 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1107.591 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1099.088 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1131.56 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1088.075 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1065.717 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1080.528 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1080.988 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1104.695 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1081.783 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1087.62 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1094.801 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1070.243 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1068.839 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1071.383 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1087.232 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1090.909 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1094.426 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1077.149 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1083.919 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1085.652 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1137.477 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1080.396 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1070.575 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1104.167 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1089.114 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1076.935 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 602.4 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 572.62 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 573.38 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 572.792 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 570.71 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 573.078 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 570.081 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 573.086 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 570.528 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 580.921 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 581.61 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 578.744 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 578.901 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 577.259 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 579.349 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 578.583 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 570.654 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 573.596 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 570.696 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 579.12 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 576.871 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 571.272 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 571.347 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 567.456 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 573.92 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 569.399 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 584.123 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 582.65 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 567.095 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 569.776 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 409.237 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 396.085 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 380.038 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 382.745 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 368.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 365.807 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 366.03 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 374.481 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 364.71 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 362.939 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 363.351 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 369.576 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 364.795 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 370.234 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 367.505 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 369.403 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 368.172 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 367.75 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 375.443 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 369.566 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 370.92 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 364.23 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 362.204 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 361.146 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 360.702 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 362.605 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 373.935 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 360.346 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 362.668 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 363.078 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 315.793 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 293.084 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 281.677 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 265.395 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 256.638 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 253.169 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 259.328 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 254.873 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 249.409 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 248.836 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 247.854 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 250.367 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 248.233 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 247.683 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 249.012 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 250.647 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 249.093 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 248.65 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 246.783 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 248.805 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 251.635 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 250.223 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 250.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 251.146 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 246.55 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 247.121 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 246.716 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 250.424 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 246.188 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 250.0 ms
timeline done
