Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10
Numbers of clients per server: 1

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 511.221 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 491.627 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 489.249 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 499.18 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 488.2 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 488.81 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 484.66 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 484.351 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 470.022 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 463.8 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 456.282 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 453.006 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 445.033 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 439.599 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 440.835 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 427.544 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 430.53 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 427.042 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 426.767 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 422.456 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 426.723 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 430.462 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 420.562 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 425.14 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 418.438 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 418.583 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 424.157 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 425.7 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 426.31 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 415.874 ms
timeline done
