Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10
Numbers of clients per server: 1

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 514.003 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 486.612 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 479.382 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 478.82 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 479.117 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 477.39 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 471.617 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 466.208 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 461.709 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 448.353 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 442.105 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 439.861 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 438.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 436.667 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 438.204 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 433.117 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 435.038 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 430.615 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 436.66 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 421.621 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 424.82 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 420.975 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 423.292 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 418.343 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 424.454 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 420.689 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 419.918 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 417.782 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 417.625 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 416.874 ms
timeline done
