Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10
Numbers of clients per server: 1

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 496.348 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 466.74 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 475.18 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 472.44 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 474.616 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 470.538 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 467.142 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 463.59 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 455.449 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 459.666 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 449.323 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 446.683 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 441.525 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 438.072 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 434.26 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 434.927 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 428.125 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 428.735 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 426.679 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 420.841 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 422.42 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 421.131 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 425.59 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 418.68 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 424.631 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 424.225 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 415.668 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 416.739 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 421.555 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 420.683 ms
timeline done
