Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10
Numbers of clients per server: 1

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 507.278 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 485.013 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 504.7 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 472.627 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 480.26 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 480.297 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 471.677 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 486.636 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 473.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 488.721 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 487.464 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 475.587 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 473.752 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 461.112 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 465.208 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 457.494 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 459.657 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 456.0 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 470.25 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 456.087 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 461.166 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 459.281 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 453.162 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 470.534 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 457.389 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 466.308 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 446.572 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 463.527 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 451.93 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 449.769 ms
timeline done
