Parameters:
Number of users: 1000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1816.094 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1753.985 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1777.166 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1769.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1742.04 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1789.442 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1779.8 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1748.776 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1775.503 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1753.718 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1736.205 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1733.475 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1739.022 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1769.568 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1770.599 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1777.02 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1781.159 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1765.955 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1747.004 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1750.653 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1728.046 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1735.043 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1774.113 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1745.143 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1747.289 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1742.265 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1740.845 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1742.826 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1744.572 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1746.524 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1106.336 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1077.116 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1071.98 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1068.976 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1068.041 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1074.007 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1064.366 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1070.894 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1068.761 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1065.205 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1072.155 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1071.097 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1066.112 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1071.439 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1066.637 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1067.601 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1076.97 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1072.17 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1074.263 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1068.763 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1074.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1077.722 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1069.602 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1062.921 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1072.209 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1068.386 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1070.639 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1069.223 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1083.917 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1061.133 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 589.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 588.903 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 590.237 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 581.48 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 579.91 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 582.843 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 582.547 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 580.637 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 588.11 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 586.526 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 579.16 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 585.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 580.701 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 592.494 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 589.328 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 587.949 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 582.901 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 583.052 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 585.646 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 581.349 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 582.162 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 585.377 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 579.589 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 582.553 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 580.48 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 587.863 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 582.931 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 587.489 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 581.352 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 584.194 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 424.242 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 398.947 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 390.434 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 374.11 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 382.478 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 366.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 365.389 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 374.77 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 362.21 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 360.642 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 360.892 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 367.46 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 375.863 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 371.033 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 365.344 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 371.022 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 375.717 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 369.732 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 366.048 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 366.569 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 367.848 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 368.002 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 365.752 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 371.026 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 367.325 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 369.278 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 370.854 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 368.325 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 367.929 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 365.174 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 314.12 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 288.905 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 274.085 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 263.865 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 263.868 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 253.684 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 261.885 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 253.022 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 252.516 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 254.763 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 251.544 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 248.488 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 252.98 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 248.783 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 248.948 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 248.03 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 249.756 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 246.734 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 260.135 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 255.21 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 250.485 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 252.038 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 250.894 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 249.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 252.015 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 257.062 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 254.737 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 251.318 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 251.84 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 252.395 ms
timeline done
