Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10
Numbers of clients per server: 1

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 518.332 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 492.976 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 488.469 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 484.582 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 498.641 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 491.381 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 479.237 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 477.984 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 469.934 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 458.221 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 454.992 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 452.191 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 449.362 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 437.277 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 430.585 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 430.786 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 429.211 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 429.549 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 424.177 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 423.966 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 420.48 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 420.329 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 431.166 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 420.501 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 424.715 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 419.84 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 430.435 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 432.728 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 427.132 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 424.632 ms
timeline done
