Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 298.812 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 308.808 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 312.588 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 311.423 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 311.038 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 305.379 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 305.477 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 312.944 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 305.423 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 311.319 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 317.641 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 366.259 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 401.444 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 369.616 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 300.142 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 308.622 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 320.832 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 317.329 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 308.943 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 313.335 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 313.441 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 308.797 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 311.339 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 310.496 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 312.006 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 314.03 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 314.593 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 304.473 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 303.41 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 307.256 ms
send_message done
