Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 325.32 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 323.448 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 328.797 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 319.968 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 330.327 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 317.66 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 320.556 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 320.811 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 316.804 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 312.892 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 319.711 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 316.106 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 327.43 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 329.799 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 325.958 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 322.805 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 330.485 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 314.44 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 315.828 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 331.171 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 325.719 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 328.384 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 321.417 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 325.796 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 324.669 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 322.091 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 329.668 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 333.966 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 319.462 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 321.633 ms
send_message done
