Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 716.351 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 738.862 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 694.09 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 724.798 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 703.371 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 709.876 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 724.533 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 732.22 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 691.664 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 704.519 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 675.889 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 710.668 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 699.84 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 683.753 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 676.39 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 707.682 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 708.653 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 700.379 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 731.745 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 725.178 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 732.941 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 696.078 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 716.222 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 715.863 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 718.438 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 674.419 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 711.729 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 700.101 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 702.625 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 690.857 ms
send_message done
