Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 310.561 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 333.185 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 328.85 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 323.959 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 324.023 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 334.323 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 330.8 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 320.743 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 320.192 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 319.711 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 328.488 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 318.046 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 321.578 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 330.7 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 318.482 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 331.085 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 333.682 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 322.452 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 321.13 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 327.665 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 322.174 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 329.961 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 327.734 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 319.46 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 334.127 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 325.288 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 322.059 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 328.66 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 323.579 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 327.237 ms
send_message done
