Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 414.621 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 433.235 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 418.082 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 420.413 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 418.484 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 417.427 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 416.935 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 413.141 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 410.945 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 407.686 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 404.76 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 407.048 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 409.496 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 410.116 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 416.167 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 415.197 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 415.671 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 414.407 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 412.909 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 418.861 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 422.712 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 413.362 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 425.175 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 420.159 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 416.377 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 405.708 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 410.876 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 412.804 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 422.889 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 424.574 ms
send_message done
