Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 330.927 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 345.415 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 344.76 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 337.891 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 336.576 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 336.595 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 341.564 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 337.872 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 336.949 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 341.045 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 333.424 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 334.327 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 337.085 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 337.73 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 339.62 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 338.733 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 339.533 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 336.787 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 337.38 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 342.764 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 340.218 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 343.996 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 341.847 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 336.641 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 339.773 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 335.575 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 337.631 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 339.193 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 336.467 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 343.976 ms
send_message done
