Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 315.489 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 320.719 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 325.532 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 331.925 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 322.193 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 316.042 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 318.144 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 316.843 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 327.364 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 315.398 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 323.435 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 324.479 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 323.603 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 321.756 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 328.982 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 322.309 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 319.818 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 323.544 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 324.539 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 319.793 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 318.462 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 322.37 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 321.491 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 328.666 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 321.587 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 329.448 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 330.522 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 322.065 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 316.982 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 323.023 ms
send_message done
