Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.782 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.586 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.642 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.827 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 65.102 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 63.347 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.406 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 60.808 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 57.739 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 59.426 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.062 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.252 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.567 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.005 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 61.317 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.688 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.582 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.276 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.373 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.043 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.385 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.559 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 59.551 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 57.407 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 55.905 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 53.721 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 54.505 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 56.057 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 56.142 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 59.776 ms
fib done
