Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 60.24 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 59.957 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.908 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 59.447 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.412 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 60.582 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.761 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 61.587 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 60.377 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 59.559 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.013 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 59.676 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 60.35 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 59.065 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 58.774 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.482 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.744 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 58.422 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 59.635 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.225 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 58.58 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.155 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.633 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 59.938 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.327 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.328 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.244 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.535 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 58.659 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 60.203 ms
fib done
