Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 63.879 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.351 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 63.219 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 65.468 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.766 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 62.814 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 60.948 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 63.158 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.279 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 63.275 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.283 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.733 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.256 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 57.933 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.226 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 61.872 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.209 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.916 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.893 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 64.074 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 63.502 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.158 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 63.071 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 61.717 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.097 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 63.189 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.879 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.661 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.835 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 63.077 ms
fib done
