Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 64.134 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.018 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.35 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 63.638 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.181 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.93 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.588 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 63.305 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 63.178 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 59.676 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 59.174 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 56.664 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 58.745 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 58.72 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 57.552 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 58.904 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 59.621 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 60.887 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 58.264 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 59.679 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 57.923 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 58.781 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 59.781 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 60.731 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 60.155 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 60.929 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 59.4 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 58.274 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 59.723 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 60.071 ms
fib done
