Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.885 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 63.42 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 63.818 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.446 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.508 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 63.103 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.552 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 63.543 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.638 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 61.606 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.509 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.384 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.071 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 61.217 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 58.734 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 63.093 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.087 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.497 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.779 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.643 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.188 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.374 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.754 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.583 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.449 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.457 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 63.305 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.578 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 61.903 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 63.807 ms
fib done
