Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.912 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 59.369 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.192 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 59.153 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.117 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 58.534 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 59.726 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 60.189 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 59.534 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 57.555 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 59.548 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 60.214 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 59.967 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 59.937 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 57.021 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.237 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 59.928 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 59.999 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 59.28 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.564 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 60.176 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 59.164 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 58.004 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 59.183 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 58.648 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 58.082 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.406 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 59.818 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 60.588 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 59.576 ms
fib done
