Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 63.931 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.972 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.101 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 63.033 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 63.44 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 62.433 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.324 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 62.986 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 57.832 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 61.244 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 63.126 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.982 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.926 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.911 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.41 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.379 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.031 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.172 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.72 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.602 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 62.077 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.521 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 63.149 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 63.328 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 63.936 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 63.28 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.823 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 61.125 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 63.343 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.853 ms
fib done
