Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

"test message"
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 512.846 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 422.723 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 425.059 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 456.935 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 410.669 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 411.156 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 448.002 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 444.817 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 395.977 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 394.925 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 397.892 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 437.605 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 413.261 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 376.444 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 420.341 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 539.52 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 539.105 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 474.533 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 463.252 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 528.374 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 542.544 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 488.211 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 431.827 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 417.533 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 401.337 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 390.926 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 393.696 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 429.501 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 421.745 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 401.645 ms
send_message done
