Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 64.876 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.939 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 65.076 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.774 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 63.024 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 63.3 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.922 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 64.572 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.352 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.531 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.059 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.879 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.541 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.52 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 63.274 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 59.883 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.36 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 63.487 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.777 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 63.169 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.971 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.746 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.97 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 63.38 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.296 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.45 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.077 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.693 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.572 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.347 ms
fib done
