Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 73.063 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 71.809 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 73.68 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 74.037 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 72.565 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 72.539 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 72.464 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 71.481 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 71.582 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 72.285 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 72.62 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 71.867 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 71.637 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 71.168 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 71.296 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 72.288 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 72.361 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 72.227 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 72.153 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 71.269 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 71.835 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 71.932 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 71.808 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 72.081 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 72.249 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 71.221 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 72.61 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 71.951 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 70.998 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 71.447 ms
fib done
