Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 67.504 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 66.529 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 66.931 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 67.964 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 67.734 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 67.547 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 67.609 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 68.042 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 68.816 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 67.95 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 67.829 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 67.994 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 66.68 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 67.755 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 67.721 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 67.928 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 67.337 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 67.911 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 67.045 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 67.397 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 68.309 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 67.861 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 66.54 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 67.817 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 67.919 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 68.205 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 68.228 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 67.669 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 68.906 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 68.486 ms
fib done
