Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1632.492 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1712.84 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1626.091 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1635.547 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1664.507 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1660.65 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1658.491 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1653.303 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1634.767 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1615.97 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1624.38 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1624.115 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1621.764 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1619.939 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1611.424 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1613.392 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1624.41 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1635.02 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1612.282 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1612.117 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1605.746 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1619.948 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1635.12 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1631.974 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1628.806 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1635.475 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1644.661 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1636.131 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1618.771 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1615.594 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 18610.641 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1788.914 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1787.601 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1788.684 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1774.885 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1778.984 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1775.41 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1786.721 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1779.875 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1783.854 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1795.167 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1776.053 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1775.196 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1757.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1776.865 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1758.368 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1783.728 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1786.366 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1789.896 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1777.987 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1764.368 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1750.678 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1760.206 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1767.524 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1772.629 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1777.661 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1784.544 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1799.69 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1783.248 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1774.782 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 13561.928 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1681.425 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1787.0 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1758.031 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1713.082 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1712.895 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1709.749 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1685.498 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1669.181 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1677.406 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1676.624 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1688.375 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1685.08 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1701.806 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1692.905 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1697.499 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1693.327 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1665.716 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1661.666 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1672.483 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1669.983 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1686.87 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1664.939 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1683.027 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1677.176 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1670.185 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1663.894 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1642.068 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1682.388 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1673.004 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 3359.953 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1394.455 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1412.525 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1427.486 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1430.576 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1421.917 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1420.807 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1429.857 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1434.342 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1401.01 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1397.4 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1387.725 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1394.77 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1387.009 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1393.233 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1416.953 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1421.736 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1424.056 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1419.016 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1422.982 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1432.515 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1429.611 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1398.839 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1395.325 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1395.128 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1403.799 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1405.032 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1409.12 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1409.141 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1416.938 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1566.58 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1285.144 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1299.877 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1306.644 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1293.134 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1288.882 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1297.07 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1314.621 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1302.181 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1303.315 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1304.848 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1282.038 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1273.902 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1290.836 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1298.159 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1284.545 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1281.429 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1298.87 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1288.669 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1297.049 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1305.059 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1305.223 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1296.45 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1294.846 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1277.202 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1283.413 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1283.376 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1273.74 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1284.731 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1288.281 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1157.631 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1102.376 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1092.808 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1088.351 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1095.043 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1091.892 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1086.162 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1089.639 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1083.521 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1078.197 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1081.062 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1072.269 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1089.329 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1087.887 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1086.034 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1097.848 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1091.598 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1088.545 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1088.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1090.77 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1072.957 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1065.033 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1074.81 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1071.987 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1068.375 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1065.648 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1069.147 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1065.484 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1068.217 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1075.375 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1079.422 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1059.737 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1060.09 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1067.824 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1060.551 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1063.959 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1072.61 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1061.145 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1055.903 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1058.608 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1046.617 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1043.899 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1040.976 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1052.664 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1044.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1037.259 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1044.041 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1049.966 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1053.671 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1057.602 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1065.081 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1048.314 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1049.566 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1057.791 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1062.187 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1044.835 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1030.867 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1045.466 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1036.406 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1038.794 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1151.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1025.435 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1008.564 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1012.229 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 999.831 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1007.691 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1009.823 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1001.207 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1015.915 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1013.85 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1013.313 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1020.555 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1012.743 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1017.439 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1010.616 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1013.63 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1015.359 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1014.724 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1019.323 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1000.683 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 997.051 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1003.79 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1006.637 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1002.717 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 989.583 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1012.54 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1021.199 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1019.32 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1010.661 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1025.625 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1118.049 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1032.733 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1036.609 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1037.581 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1031.978 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1033.983 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1038.957 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1035.991 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1045.161 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1044.534 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1041.281 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1028.206 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1021.577 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1030.768 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1028.526 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1024.783 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1024.959 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1031.423 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1030.803 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1030.566 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1036.617 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1035.862 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1036.391 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1037.522 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1034.424 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1039.938 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1041.877 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1019.209 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1010.957 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1022.938 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1122.335 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 998.575 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 984.259 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 989.852 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 966.84 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 966.502 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 976.501 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 972.688 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 962.081 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 961.278 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 961.111 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 955.634 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 965.943 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 964.761 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 972.272 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 971.928 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 974.927 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 972.831 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 972.38 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 985.836 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 971.272 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 952.765 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 955.402 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 972.198 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 955.519 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 963.209 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 964.494 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 966.767 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 969.568 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 972.45 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1143.164 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 932.982 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 889.756 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 879.572 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 879.297 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 884.184 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 873.746 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 900.116 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 887.996 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 899.034 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 894.181 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 900.197 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 895.05 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 882.556 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 875.934 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 881.641 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 873.89 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 903.406 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 888.172 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 885.675 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 874.572 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 868.762 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 873.171 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 890.16 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 868.181 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 874.764 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 869.919 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 891.059 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 882.931 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 880.557 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1056.582 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 857.903 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 811.93 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 804.792 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 799.822 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 803.114 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 796.486 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 791.718 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 798.002 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 799.071 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 795.976 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 794.702 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 802.658 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 794.256 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 799.253 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 798.347 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 802.006 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 807.067 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 812.104 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 806.956 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 803.761 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 805.032 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 808.961 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 802.417 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 803.631 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 806.829 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 802.973 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 813.585 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 796.394 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 788.487 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1022.153 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 829.237 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 802.017 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 784.938 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 789.036 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 784.93 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 782.362 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 783.311 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 778.26 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 780.957 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 788.032 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 788.687 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 802.147 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 782.803 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 784.832 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 793.226 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 787.741 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 777.679 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 778.68 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 781.278 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 789.978 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 789.332 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 787.859 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 791.413 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 788.964 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 778.95 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 777.649 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 777.461 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 793.204 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 795.576 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 975.461 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 747.233 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 700.011 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 677.779 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 681.769 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 694.41 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 692.461 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 688.904 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 686.55 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 686.739 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 687.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 691.077 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 688.742 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 684.764 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 694.627 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 682.819 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 736.672 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 709.801 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 680.354 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 680.433 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 679.405 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 684.227 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 686.052 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 681.545 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 672.151 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 672.495 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 680.153 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 675.474 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 677.067 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 692.8 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 885.073 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 759.263 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 681.021 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 653.551 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 648.442 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 647.785 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 649.431 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 647.236 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 650.479 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 648.402 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 653.699 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 667.979 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 666.252 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 667.064 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 667.697 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 657.471 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 651.236 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 666.957 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 667.768 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 667.396 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 668.211 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 673.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 655.256 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 643.212 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 642.199 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 642.727 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 651.858 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 647.679 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 649.257 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 646.337 ms
timeline done
