Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1666.688 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1601.212 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1620.867 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1526.984 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1543.989 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1599.749 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1545.313 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1541.717 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1529.663 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1575.448 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1562.184 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1633.474 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1695.125 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1686.504 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1563.433 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1552.368 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1536.163 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1600.356 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1594.057 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1589.771 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1559.256 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1568.234 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1662.296 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1643.455 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1577.34 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1548.652 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1594.181 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1560.512 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1542.732 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1628.586 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
