Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1525.26 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1513.692 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1525.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1507.683 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1519.39 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1511.113 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1512.102 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1513.356 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1522.57 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1529.519 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1538.601 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1525.19 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1532.854 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1517.599 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1528.98 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1514.879 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1521.658 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1512.661 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1526.57 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1525.172 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1519.005 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1516.791 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1517.916 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1532.538 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1546.05 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1547.426 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1538.758 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1545.959 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1534.485 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1541.593 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 18370.351 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1763.396 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1793.98 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1764.9 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1755.927 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1758.685 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1739.201 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1759.315 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1742.765 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1773.581 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1764.144 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1759.044 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1762.903 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1766.01 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1753.237 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1736.286 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1762.254 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1742.599 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1766.23 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1767.638 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1776.665 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1771.4 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1773.459 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1764.023 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1752.744 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1755.643 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1773.741 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1749.399 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1748.805 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1761.038 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 13607.858 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1629.687 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1553.086 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1547.209 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1545.351 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1551.492 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1567.17 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1543.983 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1543.387 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1554.591 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1556.821 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1555.674 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1557.398 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1555.626 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1549.895 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1541.89 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1555.301 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1547.94 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1556.254 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1540.476 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1548.524 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1551.229 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1550.104 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1556.696 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1556.441 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1559.407 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1555.286 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1555.191 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1555.331 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1552.765 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 3414.87 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1411.177 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1412.501 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1406.793 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1412.06 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1408.761 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1403.221 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1406.37 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1409.759 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1410.932 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1424.827 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1405.354 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1405.414 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1415.218 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1407.905 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1425.897 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1416.102 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1413.769 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1396.74 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1392.979 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1420.81 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1409.141 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1417.637 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1403.03 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1405.385 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1402.79 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1394.187 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1416.404 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1402.601 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1416.427 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1447.609 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1319.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1323.657 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1316.166 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1322.785 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1317.487 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1312.449 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1324.742 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1315.735 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1308.61 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1307.492 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1311.534 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1303.614 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1317.485 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1304.921 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1311.716 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1313.498 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1309.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1311.217 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1321.585 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1315.899 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1316.191 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1311.573 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1314.568 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1309.092 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1324.481 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1308.957 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1306.071 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1307.7 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1312.814 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1156.01 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1093.036 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1109.56 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1109.016 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1095.595 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1092.363 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1103.831 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1098.754 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1103.885 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1107.492 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1106.92 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1100.198 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1096.606 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1092.718 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1100.566 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1093.107 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1113.397 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1100.621 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1098.468 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1096.541 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1095.708 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1102.757 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1098.918 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1115.425 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1109.966 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1103.627 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1107.666 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1101.41 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1104.579 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1105.56 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1055.932 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1021.513 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1033.968 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1033.812 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1025.863 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1052.39 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1049.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1053.308 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1025.834 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1036.579 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1024.022 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1022.836 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1025.554 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1024.939 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1022.788 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1018.633 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1027.262 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1027.145 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1017.416 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1026.032 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1029.822 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1022.862 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1022.808 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1021.729 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1037.159 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1025.032 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1031.245 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1021.793 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1017.944 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1022.523 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1143.728 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 996.595 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 994.126 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1001.351 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 994.255 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 999.05 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 991.296 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 985.528 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 992.371 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 996.904 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 993.342 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 990.937 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 999.455 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 996.141 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 986.662 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 981.451 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 988.089 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 992.665 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 990.613 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 996.946 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 999.15 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 998.067 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 990.799 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 989.324 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 989.676 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 996.217 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 988.821 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1003.702 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 988.132 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 997.042 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1130.233 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1023.306 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1023.161 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1023.049 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1029.381 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1032.867 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1035.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1033.493 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1028.627 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1026.561 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1028.903 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1024.894 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1024.93 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1025.415 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1020.616 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1013.989 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1023.811 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1013.324 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1024.608 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1013.825 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1012.196 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1012.528 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1021.593 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1018.36 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1017.386 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1016.156 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1093.948 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1085.603 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1086.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1087.783 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1108.959 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 988.853 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 979.815 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 981.763 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 977.605 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 988.933 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 980.186 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 972.265 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 968.488 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 971.496 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 969.024 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 967.596 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 967.344 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 967.15 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 965.098 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 963.159 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 963.819 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 967.727 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 966.955 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 967.264 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 964.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 965.028 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 963.245 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 964.805 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 962.112 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 965.167 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 979.166 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 971.261 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 970.899 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 973.168 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1143.974 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 933.353 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 860.125 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 861.248 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 857.114 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 865.108 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 867.692 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 855.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 860.208 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 854.148 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 849.673 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 862.323 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 866.535 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 865.597 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 848.734 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 847.151 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 858.556 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 868.664 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 862.302 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 852.274 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 846.485 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 847.406 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 851.481 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 851.057 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 847.723 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 852.388 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 863.258 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 854.286 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 849.641 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 854.346 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1038.237 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 836.889 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 800.615 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 790.739 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 788.759 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 791.397 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 797.428 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 790.485 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 798.443 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 797.554 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 813.161 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 802.532 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 800.054 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 806.99 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 795.948 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 793.944 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 794.611 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 791.75 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 793.383 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 803.847 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 801.833 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 797.054 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 793.823 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 795.174 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 795.63 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 796.996 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 790.764 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 787.085 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 789.487 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 799.199 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1005.67 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 823.053 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 789.673 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 805.723 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 791.013 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 782.219 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 796.813 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 785.139 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 793.633 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 846.727 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 817.579 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 784.481 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 787.416 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 794.948 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 789.726 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 785.461 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 783.748 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 783.871 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 783.042 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 782.454 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 784.938 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 784.318 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 790.493 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 787.278 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 786.79 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 782.73 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 784.268 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 783.536 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 782.082 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 791.035 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 987.588 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 763.458 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 698.556 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 684.864 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 685.887 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 682.595 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 687.932 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 682.071 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 680.82 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 680.155 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 681.085 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 682.016 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 680.92 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 686.416 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 684.001 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 682.811 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 686.417 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 686.287 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 681.245 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 680.677 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 680.209 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 680.551 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 680.706 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 681.085 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 680.721 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 680.176 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 680.503 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 682.269 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 686.313 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 682.13 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 898.1 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 777.929 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 683.99 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 658.63 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 656.098 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 654.393 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 653.28 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 652.903 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 652.303 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 654.268 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 653.743 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 654.3 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 664.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 665.4 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 661.475 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 660.134 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 660.332 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 659.571 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 660.676 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 660.465 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 660.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 660.451 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 658.135 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 658.604 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 667.721 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 660.769 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 660.574 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 658.12 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 662.884 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 658.887 ms
timeline done
