Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.097 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.75 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.503 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 60.948 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 59.019 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 62.514 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.339 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 60.494 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 58.262 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.35 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.457 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.689 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.909 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 61.391 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 63.296 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 61.708 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 59.22 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 59.012 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 61.865 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.699 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.83 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 61.795 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 60.749 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 61.319 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.805 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.532 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 64.441 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.966 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 63.564 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.113 ms
fib done
