Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.031 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.3 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.253 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.863 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 63.018 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 62.141 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 61.727 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 58.78 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.255 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 57.776 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 63.045 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.44 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.129 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 60.567 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 60.943 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 59.071 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 59.287 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.07 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.166 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.595 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 62.299 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.549 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.018 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 60.743 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.665 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 60.503 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.818 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 60.69 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.18 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 63.458 ms
fib done
