Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 63.592 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.383 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.699 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 59.411 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.613 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 63.319 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.351 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 61.701 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.776 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 63.248 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 63.453 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.9 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.135 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.842 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 61.431 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.175 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 60.686 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 60.03 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.464 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.672 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 63.147 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 61.432 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.336 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 60.532 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 63.12 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.124 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.77 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 61.422 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 61.639 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.722 ms
fib done
