Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

"test message"
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 514.48 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 451.56 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 428.067 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 443.037 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 496.249 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 485.289 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 506.012 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 489.301 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 422.244 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 379.442 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 355.45 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 355.662 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 358.895 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 425.055 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 460.535 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 510.131 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 526.49 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
