Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1715.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1716.96 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1651.288 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1625.095 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1597.643 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1592.149 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1601.657 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1601.063 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1606.479 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1621.586 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1657.476 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1655.947 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1694.684 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1642.766 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1606.258 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1612.379 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1612.102 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1706.319 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1660.03 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1625.964 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1609.234 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1624.294 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1609.405 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1577.576 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1594.206 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1625.512 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1610.61 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1606.571 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1603.368 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1615.77 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 14512.972 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1280.598 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1291.219 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1277.996 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1281.023 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1291.202 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1267.042 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1274.92 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1272.329 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1283.286 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1282.924 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1275.08 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1299.035 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1280.316 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1275.769 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1257.679 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1271.173 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1268.424 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1295.144 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1300.329 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1269.005 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1289.206 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1329.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1293.077 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1296.448 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1290.626 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1290.125 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1277.884 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1274.19 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1241.682 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 4971.868 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1314.316 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1338.463 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1363.926 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1340.385 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1356.126 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1358.707 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1350.524 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1369.283 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1353.393 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1361.13 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1357.057 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1350.312 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1334.846 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1335.936 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1374.122 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1377.92 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1346.692 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1342.776 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1371.771 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1360.907 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1329.548 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1354.177 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1357.678 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1370.119 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1343.529 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1373.119 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1333.666 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1360.893 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1352.592 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1238.114 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1265.856 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1250.393 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1265.969 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1260.731 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1256.682 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1249.542 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1244.866 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1248.524 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1249.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1231.526 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1250.649 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1244.427 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1251.17 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1245.416 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1253.84 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1250.874 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1247.137 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1259.42 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1255.887 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1246.529 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1248.449 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1244.756 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1240.83 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1259.226 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1254.947 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1256.142 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1249.542 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1263.522 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1253.748 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1254.818 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1232.779 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1245.192 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1241.077 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1246.25 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1253.719 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1237.204 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1235.188 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1242.752 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1241.753 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1248.544 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1227.484 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1251.517 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1237.831 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1234.68 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1255.401 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1241.548 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1240.943 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1247.397 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1247.865 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1245.212 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1247.617 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1241.5 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1240.877 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1253.492 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1241.165 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1232.037 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1240.878 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1238.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1239.057 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1198.489 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1069.919 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1069.403 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1060.25 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1071.205 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1079.307 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1076.031 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1083.764 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1075.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1072.866 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1068.906 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1053.705 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1075.671 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1082.203 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1072.497 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1065.852 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1066.369 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1070.12 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1059.131 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1069.602 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1071.453 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1073.947 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1072.256 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1067.849 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1088.003 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1067.731 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1067.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1083.547 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1066.834 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1074.475 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1136.755 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1132.604 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1145.91 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1152.659 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1125.084 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1098.366 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1085.623 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1102.086 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1087.417 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1097.251 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1094.766 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1092.695 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1099.05 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1091.527 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1107.126 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1104.126 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1111.522 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1094.71 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1090.451 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1085.724 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1082.256 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1093.779 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1103.477 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1105.505 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1097.889 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1092.822 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1086.516 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1094.483 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1087.06 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1102.356 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1144.236 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1006.728 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1007.176 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1018.362 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1015.536 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1013.947 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1013.37 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1039.157 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1039.899 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1043.624 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1018.803 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1020.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1017.425 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1018.704 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1014.793 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1026.533 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1023.652 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1038.896 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1035.603 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1028.774 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1040.029 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1023.513 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1050.188 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1030.458 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1028.407 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1019.298 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1014.072 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1003.262 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1019.553 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1009.289 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1163.667 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1089.616 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1094.87 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1091.632 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1096.587 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1104.895 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1097.79 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1087.277 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1098.397 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1098.854 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1094.085 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1101.771 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1093.109 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1094.068 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1090.775 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1101.07 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1092.048 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1096.226 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1100.907 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1095.841 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1086.441 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1088.376 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1091.666 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1089.963 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1103.018 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1098.601 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1093.915 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1081.951 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1094.341 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1091.273 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1105.452 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1033.144 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1039.6 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1038.037 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1033.587 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1040.957 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1035.71 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1039.245 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1027.127 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1036.885 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1030.462 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1028.825 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1035.313 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1030.835 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1034.603 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1031.548 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1031.918 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1047.237 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1037.478 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1034.797 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1033.005 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1035.346 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1027.766 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1038.354 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1030.499 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1047.182 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1041.206 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1038.518 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1035.719 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1030.545 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1128.031 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 985.787 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 962.496 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 968.928 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 970.614 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 962.987 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 947.447 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 953.608 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 968.759 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 956.449 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 956.909 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 966.073 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 954.775 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 947.904 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 970.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 979.381 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 981.255 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 976.901 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 960.22 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 973.835 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 972.104 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 978.096 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 976.148 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 964.819 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 965.9 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 961.052 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 985.993 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 994.082 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 977.712 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 970.964 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1018.41 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 876.217 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 856.368 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 868.054 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 843.015 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 849.015 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 860.232 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 861.644 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 854.756 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 847.109 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 851.301 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 867.551 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 864.95 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 856.162 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 840.829 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 856.865 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 853.551 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 855.68 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 854.757 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 871.345 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 841.856 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 850.967 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 848.857 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 857.282 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 870.744 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 847.519 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 839.995 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 852.184 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 851.67 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 851.042 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 965.563 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 865.13 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 855.508 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 853.416 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 832.782 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 862.983 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 851.059 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 843.6 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 848.285 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 832.287 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 853.286 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 845.827 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 826.768 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 833.755 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 843.799 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 837.089 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 836.804 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 837.442 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 855.602 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 844.892 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 837.03 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 832.659 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 826.986 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 842.619 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 842.021 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 844.051 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 847.049 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 846.895 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 859.342 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 856.947 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 890.089 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 770.676 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 756.054 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 737.22 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 742.896 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 734.399 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 745.521 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 742.173 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 735.947 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 725.773 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 746.713 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 731.931 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 745.325 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 752.956 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 753.187 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 733.207 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 725.856 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 753.271 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 729.192 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 737.497 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 729.81 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 736.178 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 749.053 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 733.167 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 730.788 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 735.507 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 729.911 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 746.436 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 728.336 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 738.097 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 798.889 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 730.46 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 710.26 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 722.487 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 725.146 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 724.864 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 730.147 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 724.802 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 727.642 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 707.767 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 732.19 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 727.612 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 725.982 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 717.996 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 703.645 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 724.396 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 710.182 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 738.021 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 713.933 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 723.252 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 741.595 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 715.798 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 744.307 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 719.651 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 726.596 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 710.851 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 713.618 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 724.293 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 719.389 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 715.924 ms
timeline done
