Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.437 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.687 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 59.514 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.435 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.137 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 58.928 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 60.205 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 58.41 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.237 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 61.079 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 61.197 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.157 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 60.174 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 60.029 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 59.187 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 61.322 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 58.673 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 63.056 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.99 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 59.53 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 60.182 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 60.08 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 60.426 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 54.834 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 54.854 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 58.485 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 60.631 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 60.51 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 57.758 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 59.536 ms
fib done
