Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 64.704 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.239 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 63.197 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 64.496 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.549 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 62.925 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.581 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 64.231 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.994 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.357 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 60.986 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.175 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.52 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.974 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 61.85 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 63.003 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 63.145 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 63.668 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.557 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.061 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 62.985 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.752 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 63.353 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 63.04 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.571 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.729 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 58.213 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 58.186 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 54.737 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 53.683 ms
fib done
