Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 60.854 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 58.382 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 59.718 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.024 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.515 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 58.925 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 59.182 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 59.035 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 60.275 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 58.971 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 60.707 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 59.314 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 58.522 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 58.981 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 60.981 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.626 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.435 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 60.092 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 59.419 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.128 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.596 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 58.877 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 57.458 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 58.177 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 58.647 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 59.981 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 60.773 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.107 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 59.452 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 59.385 ms
fib done
