Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 59.668 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.107 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.58 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 63.918 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.56 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.072 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 64.042 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 63.997 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.489 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 63.6 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 63.182 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.358 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.475 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.718 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 59.588 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 53.659 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 55.109 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 60.275 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.139 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 63.056 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 63.298 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 61.804 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.94 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 63.167 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.928 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.446 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.965 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.503 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.918 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.315 ms
fib done
