Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.718 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 59.819 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.757 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.569 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.726 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 59.134 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.094 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 63.113 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 63.899 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.245 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 63.685 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.243 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 60.017 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.671 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 61.155 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.623 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 58.916 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 60.555 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 64.326 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.559 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 60.538 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 56.959 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 57.568 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.064 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.725 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.068 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 64.282 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.184 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 61.856 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.167 ms
fib done
