Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.034 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 56.844 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 59.247 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 59.814 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 59.229 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 62.32 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 61.223 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 61.107 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 59.572 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 61.739 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 59.737 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 59.99 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 59.789 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 59.919 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 59.055 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 61.312 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.791 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 59.364 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 58.076 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 59.012 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 59.621 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 61.293 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 60.825 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 59.807 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.988 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 58.229 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.379 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 60.169 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.403 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 60.3 ms
fib done
