Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.098 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.277 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 63.356 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.086 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 59.977 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 57.145 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 58.789 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 62.67 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 63.048 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 63.076 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 63.077 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.672 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.386 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.432 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.409 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 63.352 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.827 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 63.632 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.31 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 63.129 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 60.013 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 58.556 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 60.186 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.31 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 56.494 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 61.741 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 63.377 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 63.959 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.108 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.182 ms
fib done
