Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.58 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.479 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 57.697 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.54 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 59.88 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 63.263 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.667 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 62.264 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.018 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 60.825 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 63.191 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.57 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 58.976 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 60.664 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 58.857 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.166 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 63.385 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.731 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 61.282 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 60.071 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 62.467 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.541 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.85 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.571 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.428 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 61.155 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 60.442 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.104 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 56.622 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 60.641 ms
fib done
