Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 63.203 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 59.983 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 60.678 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 59.028 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.19 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 58.469 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.113 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 59.654 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 60.494 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 61.795 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 59.277 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 60.829 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 59.958 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 60.834 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 60.059 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.27 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 60.145 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 59.387 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 59.589 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 60.809 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.648 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 58.113 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 60.702 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 60.507 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 58.563 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.595 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.21 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 61.506 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.157 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.626 ms
fib done
