Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 64.266 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.446 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.684 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.396 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.082 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 59.487 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.526 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 63.434 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.876 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.924 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.463 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 63.238 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.12 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.105 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 63.358 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 63.9 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 63.997 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.2 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 61.84 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 60.899 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 58.311 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 60.401 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 57.11 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 61.613 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 58.238 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 59.378 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 56.716 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 59.939 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 59.265 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 59.994 ms
fib done
