Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.547 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.697 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.022 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.737 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 63.034 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.849 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.75 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 62.049 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.232 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.898 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.703 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 63.204 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.808 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.43 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.125 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 63.385 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 57.482 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 59.574 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.421 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.688 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 54.621 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 54.223 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 63.415 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 63.064 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.494 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.502 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.631 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 63.16 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.599 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 63.235 ms
fib done
