Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 60.644 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.924 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.758 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 63.629 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.15 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 62.681 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.4 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 63.437 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 63.592 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 63.72 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.617 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.679 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 60.922 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 63.379 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 60.794 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.828 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 57.685 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 59.291 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 61.394 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 63.425 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 60.684 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.519 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 59.685 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 59.449 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 58.555 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 59.568 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.616 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 60.758 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.002 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.232 ms
fib done
