Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 58.08 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 57.226 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 56.04 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 55.185 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 63.859 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 63.259 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 60.928 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 62.603 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.324 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.245 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 60.789 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.464 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 58.318 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 54.212 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 53.805 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 56.321 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 56.703 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 60.965 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 57.916 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.12 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 59.395 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.452 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 63.16 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 63.248 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 58.321 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 59.411 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.915 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.891 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.491 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.21 ms
fib done
