Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 60.659 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.97 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 59.227 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 59.759 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 59.796 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 56.813 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 59.215 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 61.919 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.257 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 60.444 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 56.995 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 60.739 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.256 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 61.452 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 61.771 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 59.389 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 60.079 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 61.855 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.242 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 57.771 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 58.758 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 60.101 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.577 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 60.69 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 63.253 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 59.642 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 59.284 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 59.626 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 57.977 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.402 ms
fib done
