Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.922 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.25 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 63.155 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.723 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.908 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 62.608 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.503 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 62.452 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.318 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 63.696 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 63.832 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.098 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.059 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.748 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.972 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.04 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 60.207 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 61.749 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 58.495 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.033 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.843 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.386 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.666 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 63.215 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.334 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.606 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.079 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.523 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 61.625 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 63.962 ms
fib done
