Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 26924.762 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 27031.189 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 27084.674 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 26897.676 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 27051.155 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 27063.997 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 27024.896 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 27027.529 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 27122.183 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 26884.519 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 27013.806 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 27153.113 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 27096.336 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 27431.888 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 26983.477 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 27165.043 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 27242.55 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 27179.675 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 27243.083 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 27234.603 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 26997.785 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 27290.038 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 27237.724 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 27597.224 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 27101.787 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 27353.726 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 27215.734 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 27358.047 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 27350.3 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 27437.834 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 34696.192 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 18134.93 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 17886.44 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 18011.582 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 18330.379 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 18105.881 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 17966.82 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 18122.703 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 18162.968 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 18082.299 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 17878.089 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 18256.995 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 18212.669 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 18546.605 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 18334.095 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 18360.35 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 18546.218 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 18123.814 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 18220.149 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 18187.536 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 18234.413 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 18179.948 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 18384.891 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 18303.34 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 18183.755 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 18119.992 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 18238.463 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 18269.883 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 18286.384 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 18231.704 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 22370.727 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 10304.008 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 10488.576 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 10354.028 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 10319.752 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 10285.81 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 10308.302 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 10540.188 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 10314.1 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 10306.976 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 10651.67 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 10287.24 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 10309.934 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 10372.522 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 10339.878 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 10321.793 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 10322.915 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 10347.041 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 10372.169 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 10393.188 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 10360.062 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 10759.033 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 11053.602 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 10347.607 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 10415.036 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 10433.513 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 10387.662 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 10407.935 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 10450.668 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 10399.764 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 7528.618 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 5674.569 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 5820.381 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 5587.812 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 5595.817 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 5609.805 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 5601.961 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 5635.077 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 5606.538 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 5820.606 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 5787.086 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 5683.129 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 5498.936 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 5502.546 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 5540.271 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 5486.447 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 5503.681 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 5490.127 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 5500.84 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 5514.349 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 5524.428 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 5525.817 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 5969.241 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 5533.151 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 5548.382 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 5562.481 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 5526.745 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 5823.747 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 5741.75 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 5533.226 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 4288.138 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 3740.398 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 3741.855 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 3714.665 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 3725.52 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 3716.675 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 4036.722 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 4036.393 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 3680.957 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 3744.405 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 3695.8 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 3695.334 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 3686.618 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 3683.118 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 3699.586 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 3672.729 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 3670.409 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 4013.055 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 3703.328 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 3708.976 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 3709.455 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 3730.481 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 4319.815 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 3854.705 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 3682.812 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 3698.585 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 3701.586 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 3691.939 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 3850.146 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 3708.231 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 2387.596 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 2378.469 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 2164.086 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 2209.727 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 2231.492 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 2181.449 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 2267.848 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 2417.224 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 2210.568 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 2169.319 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 2196.582 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 2564.813 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 2205.588 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 2181.12 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 2182.963 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 2330.179 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 2282.209 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 2291.455 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 2278.544 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 2183.342 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 2184.48 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 2197.61 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 2324.077 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 2315.68 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 2204.008 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 2201.002 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 2193.356 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 2206.831 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 2195.817 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 2199.859 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 1237.731 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 1054.203 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 1137.726 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 1179.078 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 1078.08 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 1314.619 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 1156.018 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 1074.062 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 1078.943 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 1362.268 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 1078.905 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 1111.617 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 1100.851 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 1088.717 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 1464.539 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 1081.59 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 1114.726 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 1128.203 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 1111.574 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 1086.153 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 1370.158 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 1400.258 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 1129.743 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 1116.86 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 1119.778 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 1125.109 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 1131.14 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 1209.288 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 1528.398 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 1115.477 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 640.538 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 527.48 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 606.216 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 509.904 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 499.329 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 683.516 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 586.253 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 513.907 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 523.407 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 661.087 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 580.571 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 507.569 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 524.694 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 524.272 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 551.5 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 663.506 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 660.536 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 541.16 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 513.464 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 512.027 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 507.159 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 646.142 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 784.996 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 597.439 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 512.181 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 513.721 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 506.497 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 507.846 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 507.514 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 513.564 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 541.484 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 521.715 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 525.517 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 489.707 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 473.324 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 548.934 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 528.874 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 470.538 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 467.37 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 517.817 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 528.374 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 471.33 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 462.439 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 477.727 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 558.562 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 549.757 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 504.089 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 470.136 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 470.126 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 465.487 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 464.753 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 482.194 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 610.698 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 625.551 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 487.895 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 467.056 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 478.805 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 474.876 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 481.221 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 510.588 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 542.144 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 522.058 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 522.96 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 512.949 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 515.244 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 516.663 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 526.424 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 525.84 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 545.535 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 522.073 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 485.189 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 553.111 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 508.728 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 542.627 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 526.696 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 508.497 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 488.253 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 473.07 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 509.308 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 477.268 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 472.202 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 493.099 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 541.402 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 510.393 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 514.534 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 526.157 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 543.187 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 515.761 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 471.09 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 549.142 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 536.288 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 504.485 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 505.587 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 489.498 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 508.569 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 535.325 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 541.109 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 517.847 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 524.038 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 532.11 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 523.849 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 510.716 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 513.174 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 489.78 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 487.166 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 532.325 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 485.32 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 494.522 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 575.651 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 571.065 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 529.258 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 531.666 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 514.579 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 478.547 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 505.153 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 522.353 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 520.731 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 534.013 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 539.867 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 525.521 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 539.223 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 539.296 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 531.603 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 531.699 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 536.289 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 533.809 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 503.715 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 522.196 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 527.191 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 544.037 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 534.547 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 527.716 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 538.494 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 554.499 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 524.362 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 523.748 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 543.97 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 537.271 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 539.107 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 518.39 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 522.525 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 526.577 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 539.933 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 538.583 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 536.323 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 506.517 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 526.246 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 564.366 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 549.647 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 535.703 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 515.229 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 506.96 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 517.178 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 510.027 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 505.51 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 485.669 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 516.058 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 483.333 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 451.608 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 451.308 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 486.362 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 455.321 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 442.98 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 415.346 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 436.486 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 453.68 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 475.042 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 494.127 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 453.22 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 426.836 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 424.451 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 440.075 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 462.3 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 459.321 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 447.577 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 449.715 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 490.201 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 474.12 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 466.039 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 455.095 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 549.526 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 527.621 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 529.019 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 520.674 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 489.058 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 476.436 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 491.554 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 479.903 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 523.804 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 539.399 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 522.197 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 521.309 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 564.53 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 536.37 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 472.967 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 485.87 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 495.418 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 520.95 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 537.875 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 548.521 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 544.623 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 524.68 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 479.017 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 520.771 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 534.034 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 561.1 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 576.623 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 519.978 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 486.715 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 515.668 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 471.191 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 502.165 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 503.683 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 480.057 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 500.131 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 504.47 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 501.942 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 515.646 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 485.04 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 448.484 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 405.786 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 395.079 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 430.435 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 429.489 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 420.534 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 480.434 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 505.873 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 504.615 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 461.526 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 509.724 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 549.748 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 535.772 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 538.716 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 525.615 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 503.247 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 425.142 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 406.52 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 379.179 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 362.813 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 363.562 ms
send_message done
