Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 79.688 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 77.94 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 80.592 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 78.138 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 78.274 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 78.313 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 77.889 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 77.053 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 77.35 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 77.029 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 78.24 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 78.198 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 78.707 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 78.043 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 77.453 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 77.97 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 81.718 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 78.391 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 79.464 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 76.958 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 79.12 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 78.025 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 77.678 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 78.231 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 79.289 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 78.404 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 77.214 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 76.413 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 76.818 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 76.752 ms
fib done
