Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 26739.831 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 26830.406 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 26767.729 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 26974.543 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 26726.422 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 26804.757 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 27021.615 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 26809.534 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 27028.853 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 26858.833 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 26900.763 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 26990.414 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 27108.319 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 27073.852 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 27014.807 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 26880.656 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 26973.186 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 27266.113 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 26867.243 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 26800.768 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 27274.68 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 26973.809 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 26973.204 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 26902.99 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 26763.393 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 27521.303 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 27102.648 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 26918.153 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 27310.752 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 27405.58 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 34707.671 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 18032.834 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 17993.037 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 18207.612 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 17971.123 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 18010.211 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 18028.793 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 18260.753 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 18003.728 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 18200.403 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 18290.712 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 18368.683 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 18052.775 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 18117.717 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 18135.283 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 17919.391 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 18060.491 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 18138.289 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 18390.118 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 18435.225 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 18330.192 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 18314.221 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 18412.176 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 18223.794 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 18478.689 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 18288.235 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 18286.512 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 18301.682 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 18272.892 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 18322.966 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 22433.627 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 10621.955 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 10381.169 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 10676.263 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 10526.227 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 10334.72 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 10379.666 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 10363.193 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 10403.191 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 10329.525 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 10481.077 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 10401.158 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 10435.948 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 10447.217 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 10342.785 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 11353.998 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 10401.268 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 10470.229 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 10435.528 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 10435.123 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 10430.394 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 10461.653 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 10285.337 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 10411.163 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 10434.06 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 10374.093 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 10385.714 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 10402.708 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 10451.663 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 10402.459 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 7761.415 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 5705.511 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 5554.759 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 5722.556 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 5474.334 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 5570.788 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 5507.661 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 5709.871 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 5573.264 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 5829.254 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 5538.624 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 5569.92 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 5529.86 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 5513.682 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 5913.842 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 5514.468 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 5542.833 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 5682.298 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 5655.916 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 5544.569 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 5551.382 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 5589.829 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 5530.4 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 5566.402 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 5593.908 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 5528.422 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 5521.832 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 6036.576 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 5479.496 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 5505.038 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 3939.772 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 3875.704 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 3701.599 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 3902.634 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 3640.202 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 3738.537 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 3719.808 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 3930.655 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 3707.959 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 3689.71 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 3722.071 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 3956.322 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 3699.495 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 3679.313 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 3717.67 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 4063.491 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 3744.851 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 3734.637 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 3750.536 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 3762.209 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 3837.573 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 3793.529 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 3968.693 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 3930.597 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 3778.773 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 3760.456 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 3771.339 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 3756.158 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 3818.505 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 3804.429 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 2176.936 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 2454.915 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 2308.969 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 2378.368 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 2367.752 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 2264.561 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 2250.054 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 2334.764 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 2339.626 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 2265.985 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 2468.713 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 2471.663 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 2285.132 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 2283.078 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 2253.739 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 2288.504 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 2751.802 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 2271.115 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 2259.151 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 2268.122 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 2257.111 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 2252.186 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 2301.091 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 2545.2 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 2280.015 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 2267.793 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 2291.975 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 2300.916 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 2273.156 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 2447.849 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 1155.378 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 1121.894 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 1179.795 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 1199.199 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 1116.737 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 1676.485 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 1178.495 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 1139.437 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 1140.695 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 1237.392 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 1353.979 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 1152.177 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 1129.288 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 1157.838 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 1166.767 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 1278.565 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 1142.827 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 1156.519 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 1154.658 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 1165.843 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 1654.984 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 1553.698 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 1185.328 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 1176.452 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 1189.501 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 1194.343 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 1180.906 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 1205.077 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 1617.507 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 1261.994 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 635.981 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 557.269 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 621.197 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 559.112 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 548.088 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 666.57 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 633.711 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 554.282 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 569.234 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 723.387 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 629.475 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 545.811 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 546.462 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 544.544 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 553.993 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 673.527 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 678.075 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 556.276 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 546.949 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 556.485 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 553.947 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 647.631 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 755.667 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 658.944 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 548.624 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 556.907 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 540.847 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 548.898 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 554.102 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 548.407 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 562.271 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 572.027 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 594.515 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 556.392 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 550.909 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 672.292 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 587.296 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 538.483 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 539.754 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 576.225 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 583.213 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 545.566 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 542.027 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 545.872 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 606.867 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 622.272 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 554.624 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 521.015 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 544.724 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 545.403 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 545.577 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 548.208 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 698.398 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 730.357 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 548.139 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 520.077 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 548.6 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 550.04 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 551.574 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 596.222 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 533.599 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 529.472 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 547.243 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 543.613 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 536.624 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 548.086 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 540.062 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 543.731 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 540.493 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 542.793 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 557.369 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 576.559 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 544.246 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 561.336 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 577.824 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 558.608 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 543.416 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 540.293 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 518.377 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 517.706 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 518.941 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 516.257 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 540.532 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 552.06 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 541.106 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 527.535 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 522.606 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 539.151 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 532.56 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 581.871 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 553.97 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 528.398 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 534.267 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 555.554 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 552.227 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 545.922 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 538.646 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 531.359 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 518.324 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 531.627 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 506.096 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 533.212 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 542.924 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 537.832 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 540.916 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 537.021 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 524.541 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 527.751 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 541.948 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 522.583 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 546.762 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 549.147 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 569.204 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 550.802 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 537.747 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 508.847 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 512.732 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 520.391 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 518.225 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 543.95 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 522.369 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 533.202 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 532.779 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 537.805 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 544.806 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 539.715 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 527.503 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 519.733 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 503.707 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 530.487 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 543.237 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 483.511 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 517.602 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 538.233 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 532.407 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 538.145 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 538.316 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 524.474 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 507.677 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 483.158 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 504.257 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 525.874 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 537.198 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 525.126 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 542.261 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 523.18 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 514.669 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 560.196 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 533.937 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 511.418 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 547.897 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 544.329 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 528.362 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 517.929 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 539.128 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 505.959 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 538.611 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 545.036 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 552.323 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 542.428 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 537.767 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 516.177 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 503.941 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 465.661 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 485.114 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 508.3 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 567.781 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 553.314 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 541.31 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 539.747 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 542.01 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 542.404 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 493.435 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 502.186 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 521.28 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 539.071 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 535.335 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 539.104 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 524.664 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 497.148 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 483.027 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 531.421 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 543.719 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 524.307 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 490.079 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 455.952 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 489.038 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 479.996 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 497.912 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 515.033 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 496.337 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 537.492 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 543.484 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 475.101 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 453.84 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 391.508 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 376.852 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 371.143 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 390.516 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 437.016 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 388.789 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 427.412 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 427.495 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 434.166 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 521.568 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 562.748 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 547.346 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 464.058 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 434.412 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 536.006 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 495.385 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 445.377 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 470.436 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 474.463 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 484.126 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 478.159 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 437.1 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 440.81 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 430.213 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 397.137 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 388.303 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 421.935 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 451.501 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 410.721 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 439.365 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 496.715 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 529.17 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 541.098 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 475.099 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 532.463 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 520.358 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 471.457 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 465.641 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 465.236 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 426.01 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 428.317 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 420.054 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 408.055 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 414.547 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 387.475 ms
send_message done
