Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.353 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.608 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.446 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.189 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 63.898 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 63.574 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.222 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 64.07 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.329 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 61.077 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.09 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.029 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.726 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.165 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.782 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 61.814 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 59.714 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.77 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 61.242 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.704 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.94 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.357 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.199 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.187 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.685 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.219 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.373 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.617 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.764 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.938 ms
fib done
