Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 186.946 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 183.172 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 184.866 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 181.132 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 183.453 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 184.306 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 184.629 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 181.954 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 184.846 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 184.703 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 184.482 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 181.724 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 186.778 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 183.279 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 183.132 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 183.317 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 182.888 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 183.072 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 184.083 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 180.78 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 180.669 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 180.641 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 181.049 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 182.823 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 185.607 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 181.411 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 183.128 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 182.63 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 184.87 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 185.497 ms
fib done
