Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 64.037 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.551 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 63.049 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.658 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.792 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 64.019 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.119 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 63.063 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.174 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 60.068 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.117 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.874 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.107 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.462 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 61.939 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 63.437 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.078 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 60.072 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 57.988 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 57.82 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 59.876 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.385 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.27 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.552 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 64.022 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 60.216 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 60.081 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 59.382 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 60.724 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.241 ms
fib done
