Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 63.881 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 59.639 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.856 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.828 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.989 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 64.098 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.941 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 61.83 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.954 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 57.394 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 55.002 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.299 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.892 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.063 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.072 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 61.934 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.693 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.483 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 59.255 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 58.533 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 60.169 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.816 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 64.551 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 59.27 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 60.944 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 57.637 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.945 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 63.525 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 64.162 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.99 ms
fib done
