Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 64.447 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.832 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 64.619 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 63.777 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 63.503 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 64.368 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.724 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 62.332 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 63.905 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 61.893 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.045 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.429 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.266 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.695 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.079 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 63.408 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.643 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.651 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.882 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.731 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 64.06 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.52 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 63.005 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 64.195 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.782 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 61.768 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.089 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.41 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.589 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 63.379 ms
fib done
