Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1543.755 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1548.676 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1532.412 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1535.774 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1526.293 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1519.214 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1518.958 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1519.512 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1510.594 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1527.046 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1530.084 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1529.622 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1534.348 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1530.617 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1530.142 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1510.976 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1522.017 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1550.377 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1518.494 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1524.891 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1536.089 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1544.534 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1543.956 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1548.225 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1549.878 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1576.85 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1555.907 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1549.518 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1539.56 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1546.733 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 18342.746 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1759.287 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1790.016 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1774.966 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1781.427 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1766.7 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1758.099 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1748.224 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1759.441 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1772.904 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1759.357 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1770.637 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1788.05 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1775.665 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1780.582 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1755.463 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1783.84 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1772.776 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1766.711 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1758.648 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1761.923 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1766.27 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1769.833 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1777.356 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1775.428 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1797.682 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1771.92 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1763.365 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1764.658 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1771.34 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 13585.162 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1698.102 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1702.568 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1699.124 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1707.4 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1694.324 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1701.529 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1689.357 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1711.127 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1708.591 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1709.856 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1714.211 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1700.185 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1705.163 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1713.655 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1695.917 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1694.274 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1697.257 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1692.891 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1697.128 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1687.737 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1697.311 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1693.721 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1708.79 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1719.964 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1707.562 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1724.578 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1710.918 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1679.862 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1675.053 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 3567.685 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1402.07 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1405.195 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1419.015 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1391.617 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1399.519 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1407.259 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1404.558 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1389.033 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1398.805 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1390.654 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1395.787 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1400.063 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1403.329 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1415.957 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1403.249 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1401.006 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1395.978 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1406.326 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1395.436 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1402.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1391.205 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1393.591 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1397.516 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1385.949 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1396.107 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1400.757 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1375.139 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1387.827 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1394.69 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1682.94 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1341.248 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1347.371 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1352.287 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1343.939 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1344.986 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1342.837 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1341.667 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1338.68 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1333.65 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1338.873 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1348.018 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1338.099 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1336.016 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1341.915 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1343.111 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1340.805 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1350.242 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1339.608 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1334.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1344.883 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1335.696 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1342.786 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1334.405 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1337.981 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1333.377 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1333.874 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1338.873 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1340.734 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1339.734 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1150.757 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1041.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1046.846 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1040.618 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1052.025 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1059.882 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1053.492 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1054.775 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1050.016 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1050.044 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1046.804 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1047.75 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1054.003 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1053.481 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1058.04 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1035.755 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1050.118 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1039.337 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1037.904 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1044.382 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1047.804 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1054.716 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1040.564 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1043.006 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1050.971 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1042.663 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1048.96 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1046.955 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1053.692 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1058.403 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1059.441 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1048.627 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1041.574 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1032.74 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1028.226 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1041.439 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1037.688 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1038.487 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1039.226 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1044.733 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1034.561 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1031.577 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1037.583 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1031.038 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1031.434 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1038.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1039.388 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1034.469 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1026.545 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1036.072 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1032.392 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1034.441 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1038.0 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1038.688 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1035.038 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1026.672 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1036.665 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1028.031 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1032.571 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1034.811 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1147.464 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1026.669 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1021.572 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1018.891 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1011.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1020.028 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1018.363 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1012.855 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1014.881 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1019.296 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1011.31 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1010.658 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1007.372 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1007.161 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1012.215 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1018.6 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1017.515 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1017.227 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1006.696 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1011.821 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1008.227 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1012.117 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1010.635 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1015.966 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1018.608 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1009.128 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1006.65 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1006.434 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1003.174 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1015.075 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1176.693 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1077.308 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1058.488 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1051.126 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1047.095 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1046.592 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1049.817 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1047.95 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1043.374 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1032.522 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1052.338 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1052.796 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1043.408 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1045.652 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1040.891 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1037.585 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1047.244 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1043.584 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1034.2 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1028.72 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1031.158 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1030.814 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1032.534 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1029.383 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1035.302 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1040.325 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1039.283 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1037.351 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1039.275 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1031.384 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1089.874 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 966.523 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 960.915 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 963.671 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 962.659 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 966.324 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 962.907 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 962.063 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 963.927 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 959.919 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 963.785 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 967.157 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 957.549 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 954.143 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 958.974 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 957.72 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 956.118 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 956.926 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 952.921 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 962.733 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 957.01 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 956.808 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 957.819 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 954.763 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 955.581 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 954.724 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 955.044 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 956.584 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 950.801 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 949.375 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1155.146 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 929.352 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 874.135 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 879.5 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 867.82 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 860.913 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 859.888 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 862.353 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 869.286 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 865.615 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 859.143 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 871.213 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 865.786 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 871.576 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 858.643 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 852.847 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 864.248 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 873.901 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 861.935 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 862.268 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 867.043 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 865.217 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 856.852 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 855.879 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 856.855 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 861.748 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 864.141 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 865.444 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 870.778 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 859.713 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1063.489 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 835.023 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 832.235 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 808.005 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 804.652 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 797.279 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 800.27 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 796.733 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 794.961 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 790.433 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 789.662 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 790.866 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 798.766 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 793.699 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 805.56 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 797.226 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 790.475 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 790.043 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 792.796 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 790.236 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 789.659 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 792.225 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 792.359 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 797.857 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 787.397 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 782.952 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 782.883 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 780.921 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 781.568 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 785.312 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1014.396 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 820.901 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 789.405 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 788.697 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 784.057 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 782.827 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 781.457 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 789.178 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 784.511 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 780.297 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 780.755 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 789.656 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 783.963 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 785.058 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 783.58 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 785.804 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 791.504 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 797.164 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 793.328 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 781.906 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 784.512 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 785.0 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 783.525 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 778.607 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 777.768 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 776.793 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 783.733 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 788.298 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 783.688 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 785.795 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 973.939 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 752.514 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 700.625 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 689.716 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 687.076 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 683.288 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 684.089 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 684.437 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 683.031 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 681.393 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 686.809 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 685.189 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 685.103 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 684.863 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 689.048 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 682.702 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 684.359 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 684.285 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 685.477 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 685.366 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 682.946 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 692.144 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 686.426 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 683.366 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 684.161 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 680.712 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 687.317 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 685.423 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 685.648 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 684.132 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 885.923 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 769.303 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 691.363 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 659.415 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 650.612 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 652.872 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 664.804 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 663.852 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 663.681 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 653.211 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 652.928 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 654.033 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 652.219 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 651.384 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 651.518 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 652.288 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 653.084 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 661.575 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 655.01 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 655.032 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 654.212 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 653.999 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 653.297 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 654.598 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 654.917 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 654.391 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 655.067 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 653.249 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 659.988 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 656.971 ms
timeline done
