Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 56.117 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 59.211 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 58.405 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 60.036 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 57.199 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 60.758 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 58.201 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 59.346 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 57.014 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 59.204 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 60.475 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 59.567 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 58.742 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 58.621 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 59.613 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 59.519 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 55.332 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 57.122 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 56.828 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 58.896 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 58.513 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 56.47 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 58.009 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 61.509 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.31 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.048 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 59.01 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 59.705 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.086 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.603 ms
fib done
