Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 56.891 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.503 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.692 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 63.031 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.905 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 63.308 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.83 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 61.567 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.738 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.46 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.521 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 63.472 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.636 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 61.145 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 58.877 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 59.965 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.568 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 61.887 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.888 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 60.242 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.176 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.676 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.088 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 61.468 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.687 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 63.071 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.324 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.361 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 63.084 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.652 ms
fib done
