Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 63.991 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.469 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 60.397 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.303 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.643 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.559 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 60.185 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 60.702 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 63.005 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 63.428 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.791 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.71 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.328 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 61.922 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.666 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 63.674 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 63.211 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 63.115 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 61.047 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 60.603 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 62.793 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.278 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.599 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.486 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 60.718 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 59.675 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 58.539 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 57.819 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 59.669 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.479 ms
fib done
