Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.454 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.003 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 58.315 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 59.438 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 59.458 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 57.329 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 56.461 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 57.655 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 60.116 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 58.455 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 56.158 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 57.669 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 58.114 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 57.112 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 57.434 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 56.613 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 58.363 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 58.605 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 56.775 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 55.255 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 58.069 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 60.412 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 58.867 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 57.752 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 58.28 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 58.353 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 57.171 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 60.183 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 59.705 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 58.828 ms
fib done
