Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 825.865 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 817.838 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 826.117 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 831.775 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 830.222 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 806.62 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 804.459 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 812.626 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 795.92 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 798.533 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 795.718 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 828.097 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 841.4 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 825.55 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 805.496 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 825.412 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 819.451 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 842.073 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 799.016 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 815.353 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 822.935 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 821.293 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 838.57 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 862.611 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 842.219 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 840.62 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 811.876 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 823.093 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 835.743 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 814.917 ms
fib done
