Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.617 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 58.088 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 59.702 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 60.741 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 60.246 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.528 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 61.831 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 59.617 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 59.168 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 59.726 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 59.184 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 59.325 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.197 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.066 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 57.263 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.9 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 59.254 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 59.68 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.206 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 58.937 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.136 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 61.641 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 59.673 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 61.273 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.222 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 61.879 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 60.538 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 61.164 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 60.537 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.576 ms
fib done
