Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

"test message"
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 477.963 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 436.641 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 430.516 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 468.09 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 453.14 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 432.754 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 447.377 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 425.85 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 440.742 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 406.737 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 415.065 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 464.064 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 406.799 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 360.537 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 393.335 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 463.594 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 532.12 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 500.601 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 485.582 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 540.914 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 536.948 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 500.066 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 499.393 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 455.797 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 380.28 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 365.766 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 371.286 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 391.604 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 372.555 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 400.344 ms
send_message done
