Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 63.191 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.11 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 63.004 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.991 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.895 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.765 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.023 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 63.073 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 63.023 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.492 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 63.466 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 63.245 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.91 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 63.448 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 61.934 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.253 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.852 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 63.126 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.565 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.369 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 63.019 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.524 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.128 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.729 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.6 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.886 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.977 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 63.369 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 63.237 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.484 ms
fib done
