Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 199.818 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 146.548 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 173.153 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 195.016 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 163.499 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 182.906 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 177.603 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 176.575 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 188.246 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 178.521 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 182.645 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 189.886 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 213.01 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 187.043 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 197.188 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 179.562 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 130.119 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 57.04 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 57.81 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 57.65 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 57.759 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 59.521 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 57.326 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 59.966 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 58.675 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 56.199 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.627 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 56.963 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 57.54 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 56.192 ms
fib done
