Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 324.029 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 322.926 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 319.722 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 322.965 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 323.49 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 321.12 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 325.59 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 317.466 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 319.473 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 323.855 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 322.712 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 325.234 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 325.719 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 310.899 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 328.588 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 322.894 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 330.086 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 322.197 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 311.93 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 334.015 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 320.753 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 327.497 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 320.288 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 320.783 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 328.434 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 325.492 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 322.857 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 320.394 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 322.582 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 317.601 ms
fib done
