Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 59.082 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 58.768 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 56.839 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.689 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 57.931 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 59.593 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 59.237 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 59.077 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 60.193 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 58.44 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 57.239 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 59.369 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 59.597 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 59.787 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 60.025 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.394 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.122 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 60.562 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 58.562 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 56.184 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 58.274 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 60.898 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 60.405 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 60.389 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.987 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 61.384 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 59.103 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 60.259 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 55.711 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 59.236 ms
fib done
