Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1632.051 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1632.799 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1638.151 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1614.547 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1616.291 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1609.068 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1611.11 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1614.468 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1620.207 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1603.173 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1617.785 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1628.008 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1632.368 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1641.179 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1620.425 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1627.142 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1614.103 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1619.373 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1617.9 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1602.481 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1602.763 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1607.186 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1607.071 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1616.433 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1615.817 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1619.547 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1614.225 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1620.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1604.883 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1597.983 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 18656.261 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1797.133 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1784.659 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1791.109 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1787.624 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1767.842 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1781.808 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1785.397 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1772.328 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1801.954 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1797.481 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1803.657 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1795.987 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1787.754 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1763.623 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1768.587 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1759.079 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1776.501 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1769.878 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1779.576 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1790.077 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1800.138 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1793.736 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1773.744 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1771.546 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1750.051 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1770.935 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1750.761 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1736.746 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1759.88 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 13894.365 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1550.924 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1556.105 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1554.939 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1556.808 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1559.033 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1561.696 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1556.28 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1583.304 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1584.016 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1574.997 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1551.945 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1563.668 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1541.292 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1570.077 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1563.954 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1565.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1551.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1559.674 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1572.78 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1568.95 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1549.104 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1536.536 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1558.615 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1552.257 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1559.284 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1549.499 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1552.566 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1574.452 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1591.195 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 3066.366 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1359.124 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1352.614 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1362.224 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1344.989 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1346.809 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1349.099 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1343.568 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1358.814 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1345.943 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1328.892 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1345.484 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1341.731 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1343.164 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1361.714 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1364.653 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1335.418 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1338.733 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1345.33 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1336.007 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1347.358 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1345.574 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1332.497 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1344.871 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1338.351 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1341.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1342.787 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1339.552 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1340.249 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1365.32 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1336.218 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1262.009 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1272.347 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1258.129 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1257.336 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1262.378 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1262.946 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1260.567 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1265.119 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1258.221 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1258.52 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1253.969 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1259.62 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1257.132 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1254.487 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1254.133 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1255.294 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1266.893 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1262.128 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1252.658 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1264.828 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1251.32 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1254.853 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1259.079 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1264.828 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1235.77 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1254.603 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1257.877 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1249.263 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1248.146 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1173.465 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1114.381 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1111.324 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1115.255 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1121.823 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1127.035 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1126.229 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1118.866 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1117.516 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1119.713 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1121.127 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1118.917 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1124.438 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1105.062 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1119.902 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1113.799 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1120.125 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1115.918 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1117.201 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1113.359 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1190.167 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1104.887 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1110.365 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1109.935 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1111.218 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1124.484 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1114.155 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1114.404 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1113.741 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1114.777 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1051.173 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1023.927 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1015.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1017.833 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1014.386 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1014.936 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1021.319 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1026.699 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1020.518 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1028.181 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1018.577 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1020.747 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1025.866 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1024.399 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1035.471 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1032.588 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1025.591 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1025.372 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1021.401 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1024.159 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1022.553 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1030.767 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1028.136 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1019.469 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1015.371 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1002.747 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1006.503 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1002.348 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1006.776 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1015.603 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1150.486 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 986.211 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 988.279 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 978.697 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 997.415 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 987.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 983.192 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 992.29 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 984.062 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1032.242 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 987.229 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 997.05 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1004.035 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 995.994 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 993.903 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 993.211 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 989.566 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 993.566 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 978.702 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 983.298 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 982.002 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 982.161 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 981.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 983.936 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1041.465 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 986.798 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 989.234 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 990.612 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 990.384 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 986.147 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1138.618 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1045.824 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1035.628 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1030.603 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1037.889 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1032.089 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1042.182 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1036.509 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1030.528 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1030.459 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1034.798 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1019.584 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1020.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1019.566 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1023.458 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1029.124 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1029.533 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1031.837 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1033.772 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1036.836 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1028.487 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1033.68 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1028.333 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1031.788 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1041.223 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1041.162 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1034.411 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1024.428 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1013.608 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1021.028 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1100.988 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 980.867 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 963.9 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 964.735 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 946.966 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 953.556 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 953.448 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 962.589 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 958.267 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 971.448 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 958.167 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 958.008 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 962.572 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 964.983 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 969.274 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 975.577 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 967.569 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 974.487 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 964.001 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 958.819 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 955.697 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 947.279 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 940.645 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 951.701 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 961.868 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 954.353 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 953.393 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 945.622 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 954.868 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 952.286 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1127.281 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 929.959 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 876.04 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 850.568 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 867.731 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 863.037 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 862.82 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 849.181 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 845.227 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 861.033 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 876.883 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 861.351 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 874.211 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 887.407 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 876.728 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 873.494 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 863.741 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 861.522 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 872.498 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 871.794 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 859.102 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 855.974 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 854.983 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 850.182 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 852.922 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 859.333 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 860.112 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 883.792 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 874.31 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 876.317 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1036.803 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 837.698 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 806.284 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 803.779 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 802.525 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 796.943 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 791.643 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 782.629 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 792.397 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 790.648 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 776.302 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 772.781 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 780.404 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 783.18 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 779.631 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 798.576 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 796.264 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 791.982 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 787.689 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 790.618 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 796.042 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 802.298 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 799.582 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 802.301 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 798.678 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 807.296 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 801.479 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 800.297 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 792.184 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 802.771 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 955.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 814.816 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 792.599 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 787.599 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 795.756 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 798.559 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 789.607 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 778.66 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 771.126 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 785.928 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 780.627 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 784.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 773.572 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 784.114 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 767.323 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 771.932 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 772.54 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 770.878 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 780.014 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 772.785 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 771.973 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 780.509 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 798.824 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 799.037 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 796.511 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 790.02 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 786.591 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 780.824 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 782.275 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 786.886 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 948.175 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 759.254 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 693.761 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 680.93 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 676.068 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 677.334 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 680.998 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 682.079 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 682.153 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 682.408 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 680.659 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 687.471 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 686.487 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 682.891 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 686.7 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 684.516 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 688.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 687.27 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 694.434 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 694.715 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 692.679 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 686.573 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 680.467 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 675.761 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 682.52 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 684.135 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 684.739 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 679.852 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 679.004 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 682.309 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 827.971 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 730.603 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 673.348 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 660.331 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 653.593 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 659.957 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 661.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 651.114 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 657.392 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 653.738 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 654.483 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 666.527 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 670.793 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 673.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 661.919 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 663.763 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 661.815 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 671.214 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 666.019 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 668.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 661.308 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 663.147 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 665.632 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 664.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 651.946 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 654.866 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 656.778 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 655.902 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 652.116 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 658.778 ms
timeline done
