Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.081 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.001 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 59.639 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 60.036 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 59.724 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 60.396 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 58.791 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 59.769 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 60.145 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 63.503 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 63.7 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.617 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.378 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.372 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.746 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.334 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.689 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.442 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.963 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.832 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 63.783 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 64.051 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.852 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 58.222 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.287 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 63.116 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.819 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 61.012 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 61.848 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.486 ms
fib done
