Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 27153.068 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 27110.065 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 26995.519 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 26857.713 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 27150.135 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 27061.613 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 27158.018 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 27220.927 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 27219.109 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 27226.242 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 27171.774 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 27195.483 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 27228.986 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 26916.762 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 27457.833 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 27080.452 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 27336.875 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 27406.695 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 29586.492 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 27307.495 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 27628.137 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 27109.525 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 27064.755 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 27020.066 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 27295.227 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 27529.266 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 27376.619 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 27297.096 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 27314.693 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 27426.43 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 34900.46 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 18204.244 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 18019.272 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 17972.038 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 18035.562 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 18165.957 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 18357.431 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 18048.686 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 18069.091 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 18078.621 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 18114.16 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 18208.624 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 17926.839 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 18079.609 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 18127.345 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 17834.937 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 18029.799 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 18367.827 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 18257.457 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 18112.746 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 18256.91 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 18112.75 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 18169.422 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 18021.622 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 18130.973 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 18295.346 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 18347.033 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 18322.647 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 18344.723 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 18328.734 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 22863.468 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 10481.165 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 10471.86 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 10702.872 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 10359.849 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 10465.069 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 10629.13 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 10340.991 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 10327.794 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 10402.722 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 10497.038 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 10841.259 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 10510.9 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 10351.869 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 10390.064 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 10920.989 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 10895.857 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 10965.173 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 10957.07 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 10911.946 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 10768.889 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 10316.382 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 10439.696 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 10794.126 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 10418.15 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 10982.658 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 10475.316 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 10257.666 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 10299.365 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 10402.4 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 7492.83 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 5741.904 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 5783.673 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 5509.849 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 5509.013 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 5542.75 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 5801.2 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 5510.712 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 5512.388 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 5527.996 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 5864.678 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 5816.955 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 5592.831 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 5613.103 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 5649.441 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 5615.968 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 5600.854 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 5611.83 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 5645.759 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 5628.54 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 5607.417 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 5968.253 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 5966.425 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 5512.204 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 5518.65 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 5506.92 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 5532.415 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 5555.14 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 5525.593 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 5538.857 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 3934.776 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 3755.566 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 3757.0 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 3961.731 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 3724.627 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 3740.277 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 3759.57 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 4088.461 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 3814.711 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 3739.621 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 3705.192 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 3714.338 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 3726.325 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 3735.103 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 3783.656 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 4101.124 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 3645.52 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 3683.701 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 4034.4 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 3681.011 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 3667.251 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 3673.008 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 3665.908 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 4132.444 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 3728.433 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 3715.858 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 3706.771 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 3726.209 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 3727.664 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 3724.306 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 2364.804 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 2392.338 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 2281.861 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 2308.862 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 2335.851 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 2248.282 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 2361.675 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 2461.077 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 2265.441 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 2236.167 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 2465.685 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 2454.925 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 2268.982 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 2262.514 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 2269.393 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 2286.031 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 2511.133 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 2371.552 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 2375.892 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 2279.297 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 2285.197 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 2282.44 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 2432.865 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 2431.28 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 2275.352 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 2286.256 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 2279.95 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 2299.565 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 2292.581 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 2488.05 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 1259.789 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 1080.937 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 1086.673 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 1082.597 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 1094.293 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 1640.311 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 1192.036 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 1079.844 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 1093.165 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 1303.718 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 1101.948 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 1106.756 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 1103.182 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 1116.36 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 1106.015 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 1103.531 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 1103.997 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 1126.485 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 1117.016 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 1116.935 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 1776.595 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 1688.452 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 1324.529 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 1168.178 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 1198.059 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 1173.407 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 1179.207 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 1274.042 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 1276.006 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 1188.718 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 614.7 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 519.577 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 596.058 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 546.098 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 530.077 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 681.534 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 601.391 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 519.002 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 533.263 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 665.986 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 588.688 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 518.933 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 530.513 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 516.463 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 535.996 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 659.934 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 681.552 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 535.855 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 529.174 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 527.361 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 537.781 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 677.506 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 828.408 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 653.952 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 533.765 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 528.63 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 536.988 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 535.966 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 534.311 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 527.694 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 540.914 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 549.883 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 576.04 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 553.165 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 540.255 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 678.386 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 599.621 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 538.627 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 547.216 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 566.526 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 556.818 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 542.447 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 535.783 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 555.436 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 610.635 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 620.904 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 556.478 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 552.248 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 537.819 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 536.822 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 548.21 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 549.835 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 714.459 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 767.79 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 595.625 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 565.07 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 547.999 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 554.201 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 558.387 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 571.746 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 566.247 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 573.058 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 574.846 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 570.967 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 557.291 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 561.508 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 553.401 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 564.979 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 569.575 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 562.423 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 572.154 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 585.839 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 567.838 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 576.876 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 596.453 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 555.28 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 555.529 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 549.266 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 562.095 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 566.217 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 570.181 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 555.795 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 554.458 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 559.757 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 563.895 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 565.666 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 568.129 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 556.181 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 558.521 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 594.082 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 544.663 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 530.277 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 532.503 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 538.785 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 501.385 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 519.7 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 489.644 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 541.668 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 491.909 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 507.214 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 540.709 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 524.45 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 527.771 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 512.606 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 520.427 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 528.93 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 522.919 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 489.431 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 530.204 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 528.05 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 516.495 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 539.543 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 543.781 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 544.261 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 520.057 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 514.901 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 500.904 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 512.299 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 466.991 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 479.597 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 547.358 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 527.044 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 544.8 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 545.501 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 541.098 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 520.816 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 515.869 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 527.274 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 520.881 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 514.259 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 464.655 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 495.625 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 479.73 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 499.632 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 460.071 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 466.825 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 497.087 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 472.222 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 476.872 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 467.238 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 474.965 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 484.895 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 502.077 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 470.681 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 484.073 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 492.339 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 491.211 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 522.127 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 501.754 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 509.212 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 542.783 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 497.011 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 503.094 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 518.007 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 546.885 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 525.985 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 522.295 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 519.291 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 517.913 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 513.949 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 498.81 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 483.732 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 482.405 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 484.198 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 455.341 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 483.387 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 490.404 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 459.37 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 421.662 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 445.148 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 491.697 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 474.103 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 487.505 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 487.367 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 469.185 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 465.631 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 480.53 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 516.109 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 508.811 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 549.674 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 545.012 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 525.12 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 546.781 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 515.067 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 484.003 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 460.171 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 520.337 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 482.087 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 531.59 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 535.463 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 496.537 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 500.177 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 525.636 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 482.359 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 400.536 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 405.125 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 406.127 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 396.611 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 375.441 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 400.606 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 380.545 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 425.667 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 426.123 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 400.637 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 488.102 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 570.997 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 566.709 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 536.752 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 539.867 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 564.289 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 446.41 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 418.498 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 431.192 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 460.438 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 430.025 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 470.191 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 489.496 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 489.667 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 444.486 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 401.273 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 385.263 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 371.499 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 370.29 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 362.666 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 436.306 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 505.238 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 554.98 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 554.921 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 498.68 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 569.312 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 529.939 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 498.198 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 483.493 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 432.814 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 399.877 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 392.618 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 390.181 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 368.634 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 424.079 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 424.603 ms
send_message done
