Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 26824.357 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 26725.636 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 26764.504 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 26876.935 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 26791.773 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 26852.613 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 26931.376 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 26818.727 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 26898.644 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 28194.153 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 26803.467 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 26939.967 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 27358.653 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 26869.222 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 26861.723 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 26888.482 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 26841.672 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 27159.66 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 26848.365 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 26882.179 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 27144.623 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 26775.627 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 26848.935 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 26822.015 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 26926.745 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 27404.505 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 26968.359 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 26962.112 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 26934.155 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 26974.341 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 34901.989 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 17895.828 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 17767.717 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 17787.755 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 17927.431 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 17824.492 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 18065.075 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 17923.75 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 17976.593 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 17805.463 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 17901.555 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 17896.799 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 17974.833 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 17929.462 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 17880.069 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 17904.439 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 18144.967 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 17852.026 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 18387.474 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 17909.462 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 17925.066 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 17889.566 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 17999.603 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 18019.772 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 17935.016 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 17973.101 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 17985.951 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 17922.581 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 17929.725 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 17996.655 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 21791.77 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 10270.206 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 10423.83 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 10243.508 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 10303.862 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 10324.625 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 10335.518 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 10797.035 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 10303.133 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 10366.294 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 10368.797 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 10300.464 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 10331.706 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 10351.433 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 10361.641 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 10332.02 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 10318.053 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 10857.719 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 10359.758 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 10445.874 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 10456.075 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 10813.008 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 10449.319 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 10486.609 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 10423.902 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 10466.336 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 10522.993 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 10521.633 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 10509.454 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 10443.943 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 7673.295 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 5692.166 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 5884.918 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 5714.823 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 5499.205 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 5510.706 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 5498.989 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 5550.646 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 5581.773 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 5593.919 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 5842.336 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 5750.115 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 5523.792 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 5981.465 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 5549.905 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 5614.215 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 5584.159 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 5636.407 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 5602.819 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 5575.097 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 5649.982 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 5565.879 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 5605.572 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 6120.159 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 5725.629 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 5633.851 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 5696.518 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 5728.254 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 5638.732 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 5700.015 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 4128.368 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 3810.603 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 3741.769 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 3854.041 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 3839.268 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 3818.363 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 3737.352 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 4093.33 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 3722.141 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 3693.457 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 3698.167 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 3719.03 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 3696.673 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 3726.767 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 3715.393 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 3701.503 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 4057.627 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 3737.824 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 3739.265 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 3740.05 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 3813.078 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 3809.915 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 4086.15 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 4073.823 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 3725.842 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 3736.111 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 3764.02 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 3754.578 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 3716.288 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 3738.979 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 2459.066 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 2358.936 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 2228.812 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 2284.014 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 2427.424 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 2281.385 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 2429.546 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 2625.512 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 2298.587 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 2266.631 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 2279.049 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 2485.081 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 2278.706 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 2277.775 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 2263.491 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 2268.683 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 2490.328 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 2260.217 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 2264.897 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 2262.586 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 2276.212 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 2293.308 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 2854.607 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 2496.003 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 2221.673 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 2241.275 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 2231.212 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 2263.536 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 2243.617 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 2248.225 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 1222.519 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 1078.19 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 1128.668 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 1156.334 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 1079.93 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 1573.297 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 1160.251 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 1134.39 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 1108.107 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 1322.226 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 1122.885 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 1121.935 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 1089.564 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 1135.595 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 1303.783 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 1206.809 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 1118.109 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 1147.216 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 1139.439 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 1139.07 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 1717.042 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 1442.569 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 1150.772 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 1187.887 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 1162.506 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 1142.371 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 1141.691 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 1251.05 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 1412.341 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 1147.293 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 635.789 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 528.786 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 677.675 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 541.005 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 524.943 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 623.991 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 554.994 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 527.439 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 556.486 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 744.315 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 603.685 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 528.093 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 529.375 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 527.465 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 539.132 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 728.464 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 705.233 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 544.859 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 536.71 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 529.492 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 543.396 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 647.279 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 700.884 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 570.972 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 536.82 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 529.953 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 535.252 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 540.007 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 531.882 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 540.33 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 535.526 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 509.558 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 518.167 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 520.687 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 527.551 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 596.178 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 527.224 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 535.973 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 489.834 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 528.641 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 527.449 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 538.191 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 527.801 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 489.32 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 556.377 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 572.357 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 489.38 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 477.558 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 472.697 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 468.185 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 467.636 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 492.516 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 683.848 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 640.44 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 500.655 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 481.634 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 467.337 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 470.419 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 476.518 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 515.371 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 537.942 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 530.868 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 526.61 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 542.925 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 548.049 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 533.836 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 525.794 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 517.577 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 516.307 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 523.498 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 538.097 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 563.781 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 519.849 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 531.65 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 566.462 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 520.888 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 517.433 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 518.372 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 519.246 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 517.638 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 510.56 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 522.892 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 492.843 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 505.002 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 524.36 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 526.56 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 530.663 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 544.53 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 522.061 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 546.642 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 553.144 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 520.459 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 495.557 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 474.179 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 480.231 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 487.35 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 502.424 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 477.016 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 470.954 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 493.826 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 469.9 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 489.691 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 505.05 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 502.474 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 526.881 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 534.973 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 538.35 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 532.669 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 552.979 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 522.419 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 518.88 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 522.883 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 554.934 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 527.942 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 540.988 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 514.63 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 537.61 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 521.704 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 536.223 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 524.008 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 516.149 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 513.765 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 538.38 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 542.218 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 530.648 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 527.49 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 544.171 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 543.185 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 483.086 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 533.659 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 530.01 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 475.979 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 502.594 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 481.959 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 470.435 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 531.417 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 495.519 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 485.252 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 502.865 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 478.054 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 461.805 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 460.62 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 474.359 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 508.263 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 510.246 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 494.666 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 490.896 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 496.984 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 467.277 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 455.443 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 540.012 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 537.603 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 533.632 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 530.165 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 547.032 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 537.286 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 553.839 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 540.601 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 533.194 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 513.315 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 521.614 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 526.34 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 535.584 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 539.23 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 538.133 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 526.549 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 544.707 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 561.397 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 542.172 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 549.064 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 564.033 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 573.815 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 543.087 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 531.562 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 525.072 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 549.492 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 554.393 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 550.492 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 528.481 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 537.029 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 485.404 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 525.542 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 528.078 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 501.063 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 423.759 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 450.974 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 511.474 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 514.125 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 501.868 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 517.907 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 485.522 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 505.26 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 524.474 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 499.157 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 483.142 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 426.038 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 384.49 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 369.455 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 393.484 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 370.346 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 375.285 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 408.436 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 381.722 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 405.565 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 513.639 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 561.463 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 539.415 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 501.728 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 534.057 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 548.889 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 498.277 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 442.694 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 429.705 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 457.437 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 403.807 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 433.508 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 469.451 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 484.279 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 479.483 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 427.125 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 386.557 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 427.38 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 383.265 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 378.992 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 418.673 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 490.096 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 501.329 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 480.7 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 534.402 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 531.985 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 543.469 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 519.297 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 442.94 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 457.113 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 402.367 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 418.473 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 394.236 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 394.472 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 396.515 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 444.244 ms
send_message done
