Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

"test timeline"
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 889.363 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 790.732 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 703.865 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 670.22 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 672.198 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 665.21 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 663.982 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 664.657 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 660.93 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 659.734 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 667.018 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 663.954 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 666.124 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 654.615 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 651.892 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 652.292 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 657.68 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 659.086 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 657.912 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 660.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 655.51 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 658.037 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 663.879 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 664.116 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 664.056 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 661.843 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 655.397 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 661.992 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 661.937 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 668.862 ms
timeline done
