Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 60.838 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.726 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.427 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 57.917 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 59.274 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 63.543 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 61.629 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 62.016 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.703 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 61.626 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 61.291 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 64.072 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.329 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 58.872 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 59.718 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 61.786 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.158 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 63.132 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.008 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 63.485 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 57.083 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 60.243 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.133 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.533 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 59.115 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 60.038 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.894 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.409 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 61.506 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.665 ms
fib done
