Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 63.863 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.719 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 64.143 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.128 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.647 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 63.328 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 63.005 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 62.186 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.183 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 60.992 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 61.492 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.646 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.248 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 63.931 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 63.104 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 63.036 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.538 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 61.916 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.234 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.93 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 62.944 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.687 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 63.527 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.726 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.128 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 64.088 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.04 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.048 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.144 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.909 ms
fib done
