Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 86.439 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 84.537 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 87.216 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 85.636 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 85.201 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 88.348 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 86.95 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 84.982 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 88.303 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 87.849 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 85.781 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 86.263 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 89.818 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 89.584 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 89.485 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 87.527 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 88.647 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 85.474 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 85.161 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 90.38 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 89.574 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 85.365 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 85.587 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 89.952 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 85.39 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 87.073 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 89.747 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 88.581 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 90.134 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 89.583 ms
fib done
