Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.832 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.044 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.087 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 58.808 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 57.829 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 60.814 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.291 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 61.937 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.69 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 57.696 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 61.802 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.562 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 57.443 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 57.762 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 58.082 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 57.787 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 59.066 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 61.0 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 61.606 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.024 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.352 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.277 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 60.614 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.671 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.678 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.355 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.276 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 61.372 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.992 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.903 ms
fib done
