Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1670.238 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1655.575 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1657.752 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1652.661 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1653.447 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1648.112 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1642.322 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1648.221 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1641.868 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1643.474 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1634.698 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1645.724 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1643.949 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1653.567 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1651.954 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1645.979 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1654.308 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1635.563 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1642.953 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1643.528 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1628.429 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1627.538 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1632.524 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1637.84 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1631.844 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1637.416 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1646.829 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1664.718 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1657.664 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1651.061 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 18261.09 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1768.864 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1760.312 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1754.021 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1774.978 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1770.376 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1753.716 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1761.499 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1756.271 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1749.051 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1742.956 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1771.159 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1783.02 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1771.69 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1766.226 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1762.377 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1760.461 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1766.374 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1764.822 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1748.216 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1748.902 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1778.287 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1769.865 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1773.256 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1772.688 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1765.388 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1776.926 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1757.793 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1766.991 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1754.964 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 13555.677 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1683.217 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1674.038 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1743.838 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1779.111 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1682.577 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1668.017 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1665.091 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1684.277 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1678.006 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1680.542 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1660.117 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1678.381 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1681.69 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1674.117 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1676.997 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1674.638 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1674.528 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1674.334 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1666.452 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1673.9 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1670.406 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1679.323 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1675.009 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1669.912 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1673.652 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1677.787 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1675.396 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1668.015 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1673.53 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 3443.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1413.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1405.106 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1392.823 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1413.474 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1396.038 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1412.906 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1388.991 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1399.439 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1396.335 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1408.274 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1384.343 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1396.149 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1410.398 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1407.78 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1409.222 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1409.154 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1409.51 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1399.468 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1396.731 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1406.791 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1390.417 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1391.135 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1396.444 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1394.159 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1394.059 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1395.053 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1401.999 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1393.922 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1414.475 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1483.73 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1316.376 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1314.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1309.718 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1309.598 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1306.893 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1300.426 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1310.819 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1302.791 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1294.281 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1302.842 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1303.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1300.529 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1300.701 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1300.767 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1297.543 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1303.783 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1300.573 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1307.139 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1307.496 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1303.648 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1303.215 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1306.77 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1301.387 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1314.311 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1304.635 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1301.614 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1288.093 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1291.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1303.99 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1144.877 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1120.659 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1117.628 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1117.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1115.291 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1119.669 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1112.504 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1118.939 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1137.266 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1121.525 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1113.737 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1114.98 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1107.693 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1109.748 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1109.427 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1123.757 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1110.189 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1107.075 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1103.064 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1106.354 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1111.242 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1127.148 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1114.089 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1114.748 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1112.141 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1110.269 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1113.051 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1107.627 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1123.835 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1122.001 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1075.841 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1059.177 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1055.141 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1056.661 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1050.674 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1048.137 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1049.157 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1050.591 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1046.125 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1055.199 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1049.236 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1043.536 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1038.452 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1037.826 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1040.671 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1045.213 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1058.439 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1046.202 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1042.369 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1039.24 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1039.326 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1051.415 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1047.399 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1061.074 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1058.206 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1044.214 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1045.648 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1042.457 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1051.219 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1043.416 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1150.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1055.066 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1047.222 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1045.326 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1042.669 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1047.036 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1042.933 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1040.982 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1043.105 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1049.408 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1056.823 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1043.308 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1049.361 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1045.838 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1050.769 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1036.224 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1052.366 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1038.255 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1042.829 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1046.659 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1046.021 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1044.004 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1046.428 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1057.897 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1039.338 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1038.215 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1035.424 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1044.713 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1034.393 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1039.732 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1132.015 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1027.911 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1033.541 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1034.506 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1031.032 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1028.479 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1029.276 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1030.774 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1027.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1035.594 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1037.423 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1028.485 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1026.593 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1026.355 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1028.491 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1029.363 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1029.274 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1026.557 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1013.365 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1019.382 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1017.828 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1022.213 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1017.238 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1012.809 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1028.368 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1022.05 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1018.746 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1020.42 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1019.687 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1020.293 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1111.183 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 986.885 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 981.168 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 976.35 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 983.165 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 981.081 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 977.986 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 969.558 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 972.296 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 976.49 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 971.919 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 975.215 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 971.585 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 966.601 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 965.863 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 970.466 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 968.762 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 968.534 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 963.441 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 971.028 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 966.717 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 968.255 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 980.874 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 973.816 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 971.274 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 966.308 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 970.108 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 971.225 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 971.771 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 968.845 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1159.5 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 933.771 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 886.491 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 872.618 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 872.497 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 868.794 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 866.396 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 865.046 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 873.348 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 868.31 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 869.824 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 873.886 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 881.029 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 867.229 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 859.363 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 857.554 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 857.244 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 884.773 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 861.271 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 864.975 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 863.988 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 863.427 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 864.793 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 864.1 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 867.466 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 870.941 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 881.504 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 866.035 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 862.87 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 867.235 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1065.427 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 834.504 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 803.587 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 789.735 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 791.322 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 793.734 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 788.948 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 790.111 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 789.589 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 793.38 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 794.107 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 788.243 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 792.704 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 788.83 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 794.88 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 794.252 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 790.302 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 787.26 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 790.05 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 798.936 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 785.801 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 789.259 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 789.382 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 787.082 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 787.169 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 788.076 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 781.464 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 783.435 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 789.499 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 793.741 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1005.714 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 833.691 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 791.572 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 787.404 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 788.365 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 789.091 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 787.294 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 782.271 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 783.449 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 781.791 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 791.559 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 789.84 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 786.119 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 784.519 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 784.99 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 776.732 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 775.343 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 775.781 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 784.065 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 782.117 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 784.178 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 777.296 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 775.794 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 777.328 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 793.462 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 792.784 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 790.68 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 776.186 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 794.601 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 796.866 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 993.867 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 753.31 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 701.306 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 690.117 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 688.186 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 680.945 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 681.874 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 699.84 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 682.896 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 684.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 687.905 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 686.59 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 686.35 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 686.827 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 693.57 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 686.992 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 691.973 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 687.106 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 686.489 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 686.799 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 687.791 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 686.732 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 686.888 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 685.515 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 686.453 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 693.012 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 686.701 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 685.74 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 685.219 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 687.331 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 875.189 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 761.231 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 686.134 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 660.613 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 657.666 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 655.898 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 658.027 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 656.135 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 655.859 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 659.24 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 661.075 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 649.133 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 649.024 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 648.244 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 655.894 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 651.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 655.643 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 655.17 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 655.428 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 648.918 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 648.875 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 655.967 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 650.51 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 656.099 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 654.971 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 653.947 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 649.035 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 648.823 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 647.378 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 649.836 ms
timeline done
