Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.247 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.486 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 62.642 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 57.5 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 57.986 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 58.802 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 61.408 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 62.635 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.776 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 61.248 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.01 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 63.637 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.707 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 60.458 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 60.967 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 61.351 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.945 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 59.693 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 59.814 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 59.714 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 59.896 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 58.919 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 58.653 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 59.239 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 60.941 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 61.804 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 58.949 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 60.265 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 59.606 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 59.772 ms
fib done
