Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 65.124 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 63.34 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 63.555 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 63.544 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 64.412 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.107 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 59.922 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 63.262 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 64.316 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 63.262 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.179 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 63.506 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.819 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 63.778 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.718 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 61.19 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.112 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 63.153 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.318 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 63.515 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 62.201 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.931 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.703 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 63.294 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.628 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.775 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 63.926 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 63.495 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.03 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 63.098 ms
fib done
