Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 63.932 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.763 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 63.838 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.475 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 58.672 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 62.432 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 60.261 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 61.825 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.94 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.846 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 58.076 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.369 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.876 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 63.19 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 63.463 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.543 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.241 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 60.046 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.656 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 63.453 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 63.538 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.739 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.359 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.674 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.257 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.776 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 63.79 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.96 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 62.873 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.955 ms
fib done
