Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.865 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 55.138 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 58.965 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 59.755 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.637 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.772 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 58.748 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 57.984 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.734 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 63.211 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 56.955 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 58.38 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 63.619 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 61.924 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.653 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.585 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 60.128 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 56.812 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 56.207 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 59.749 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 59.6 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.52 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 63.877 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 56.122 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 59.529 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 58.376 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.369 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 63.729 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 61.215 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.872 ms
fib done
