Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 133.78 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 137.513 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 138.779 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 135.317 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 135.82 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 140.66 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 135.021 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 136.051 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 140.33 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 140.343 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 136.476 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 137.696 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 141.222 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 136.285 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 134.447 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 136.521 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 139.292 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 136.766 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 137.149 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 137.149 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 135.899 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 136.738 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 140.046 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 141.116 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 136.421 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 135.324 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 140.097 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 138.693 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 137.292 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 135.344 ms
fib done
