Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 60.079 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.419 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.487 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 57.117 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 59.107 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 60.357 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 59.564 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 58.337 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 60.719 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 59.325 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 61.52 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 58.763 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.594 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 63.422 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 59.232 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 59.652 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 60.473 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.466 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 60.866 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 56.974 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 63.058 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.56 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.734 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 61.231 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 64.191 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.238 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 58.565 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 62.649 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 59.912 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 60.324 ms
fib done
