Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 59.314 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.843 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.815 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.347 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 77.731 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 717.556 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 551.134 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 187.138 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 164.307 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 181.057 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 155.048 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 146.889 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 179.165 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 204.618 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 228.526 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 176.845 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 197.433 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 187.563 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 186.352 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 176.797 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 185.143 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 214.754 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 185.118 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 171.954 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 113.852 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 121.877 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 106.428 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 110.851 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 116.465 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 107.164 ms
fib done
