Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1721.649 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1649.506 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1666.314 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1660.829 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1666.381 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1643.26 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1638.681 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1642.311 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1637.239 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1634.986 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1630.515 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1656.735 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1659.054 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1653.713 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1664.462 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1649.864 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1655.606 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1650.449 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1650.903 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1644.53 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1664.803 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1653.204 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1655.655 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1650.387 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1654.284 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1620.879 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1623.233 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1635.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1650.858 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1644.602 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 18110.907 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1729.37 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1728.239 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1726.3 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1744.966 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1716.528 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1711.636 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1727.838 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1727.907 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1739.42 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1728.272 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1734.406 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1742.699 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1735.575 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1754.062 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1719.509 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1722.367 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1748.838 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1728.419 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1722.936 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1746.266 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1742.76 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1739.878 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1726.672 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1720.775 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1735.784 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1733.595 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1734.045 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1744.584 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1751.061 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 12676.082 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1732.448 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1685.588 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1664.721 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1675.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1675.864 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1682.282 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1683.172 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1677.671 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1669.316 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1666.376 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1667.814 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1664.101 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1656.569 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1667.201 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1640.902 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1660.376 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1661.544 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1678.86 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1664.192 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1656.602 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1681.876 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1666.179 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1686.546 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1701.674 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1676.063 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1693.288 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1674.302 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1680.786 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1653.86 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1336.273 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1389.538 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1284.502 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1300.344 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1287.192 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1272.767 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1274.523 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1276.356 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1282.485 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1270.45 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1264.813 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1265.861 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1261.944 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1269.189 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1279.679 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1290.824 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1269.3 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1272.844 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1276.295 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1278.695 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1275.386 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1275.211 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1276.333 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1254.374 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1275.493 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1264.71 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1264.306 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1284.641 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1260.882 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1285.097 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1289.818 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1178.652 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1181.081 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1185.806 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1182.765 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1193.552 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1198.965 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1193.105 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1201.151 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1195.53 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1205.643 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1192.897 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1190.606 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1190.507 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1182.727 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1183.134 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1183.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1185.739 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1188.717 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1208.888 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1210.778 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1211.945 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1189.302 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1186.86 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1194.265 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1199.808 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1195.448 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1201.043 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1187.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1202.69 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1126.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1081.99 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1075.627 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1066.02 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1101.341 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1062.201 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1058.195 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1057.82 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1051.357 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1059.868 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1063.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1076.912 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1071.013 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1075.148 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1071.966 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1068.682 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1069.563 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1074.241 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1068.137 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1053.728 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1060.821 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1057.359 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1055.067 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1064.033 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1065.47 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1067.668 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1068.825 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1059.351 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1063.842 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1063.564 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1125.009 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1057.644 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1121.974 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1032.553 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1036.091 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1020.29 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1016.857 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1027.467 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1041.689 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1025.321 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1027.513 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1021.462 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1028.657 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1024.845 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1035.97 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1054.196 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1034.29 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1038.901 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1032.876 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1030.361 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1033.064 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1022.365 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1030.333 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1025.545 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1023.397 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1021.274 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1021.671 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1023.635 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1029.055 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1035.866 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1118.018 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 980.654 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 976.991 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 988.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 990.345 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 983.684 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 991.822 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 996.744 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1003.18 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1055.809 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 988.723 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 989.067 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 983.488 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 974.926 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 990.072 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 978.74 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 980.934 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 984.371 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 987.689 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 985.683 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 985.35 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 996.293 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 986.28 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 987.948 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 978.459 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 980.83 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 978.783 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 979.495 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 977.027 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 984.618 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1106.518 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 1015.391 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 1013.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1014.844 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1014.717 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 1014.013 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1025.246 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1027.133 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 1017.137 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 1024.055 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 1038.454 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 1031.885 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 1026.333 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 1029.511 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 1028.493 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1033.667 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 1031.624 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1007.538 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 1006.779 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1008.948 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1025.084 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 1022.421 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 1020.628 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1015.784 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 1015.779 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 1027.841 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1026.961 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1021.389 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 1031.558 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 1034.285 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1103.209 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 980.53 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 997.417 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 1020.191 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 1003.039 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 987.229 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1006.857 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 1035.766 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 983.796 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 965.804 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 965.401 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 973.713 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 974.701 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 972.817 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 977.317 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 974.412 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 979.277 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 974.512 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 979.218 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 982.51 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 981.638 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 980.186 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 983.707 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 980.867 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 968.596 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 957.13 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 953.537 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 959.942 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 956.234 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 956.644 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 1078.892 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 903.232 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 851.618 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 855.555 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 841.133 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 838.13 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 839.752 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 862.053 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 914.113 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 846.055 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 842.417 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 866.551 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 862.772 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 848.556 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 847.854 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 849.117 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 844.546 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 856.748 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 853.162 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 855.501 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 862.328 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 857.204 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 845.044 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 847.217 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 850.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 846.463 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 849.417 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 844.304 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 844.645 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 861.14 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 987.272 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 836.512 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 799.261 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 780.423 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 778.668 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 783.425 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 782.409 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 782.996 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 784.134 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 779.241 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 778.326 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 786.663 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 787.288 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 783.551 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 781.375 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 775.363 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 771.163 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 771.23 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 772.465 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 774.102 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 774.913 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 776.364 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 776.301 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 774.914 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 776.743 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 776.004 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 778.267 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 783.177 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 781.545 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 786.428 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 950.436 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 842.157 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 824.95 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 817.822 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 817.574 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 816.834 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 801.02 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 787.427 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 806.716 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 806.737 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 806.323 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 800.607 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 804.092 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 803.251 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 776.982 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 766.483 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 768.47 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 771.109 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 778.798 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 778.424 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 779.73 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 778.546 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 771.731 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 790.378 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 785.186 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 785.112 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 827.76 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 837.588 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 767.849 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 767.75 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 894.673 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 719.316 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 697.173 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 673.095 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 661.335 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 659.041 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 660.086 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 659.881 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 703.702 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 704.3 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 663.617 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 663.739 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 665.691 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 668.257 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 680.989 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 679.852 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 691.822 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 685.935 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 675.267 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 694.043 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 685.154 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 685.861 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 694.558 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 671.749 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 674.69 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 670.745 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 669.686 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 669.902 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 667.037 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 658.625 ms
timeline done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 805.477 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 704.924 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 664.923 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 662.114 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 659.049 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 639.245 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 647.723 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 641.162 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 659.389 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 654.97 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 655.005 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 652.411 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 653.143 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 653.617 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 657.48 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 655.219 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 655.621 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 659.256 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 664.201 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 660.533 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 652.85 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 651.921 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 652.307 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 648.511 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 648.781 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 659.376 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 665.669 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 648.604 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 652.109 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 651.057 ms
timeline done
