Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.785 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.492 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 63.547 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.651 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 65.56 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 62.69 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.748 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 63.213 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 60.675 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.68 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 63.696 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.538 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 58.82 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 60.45 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 60.686 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 57.061 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 59.899 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 61.921 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.736 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.422 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 64.074 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 63.833 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 63.557 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 62.299 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 60.574 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.704 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 63.721 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 59.548 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 55.053 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 64.208 ms
fib done
