Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 106.941 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 105.453 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 109.877 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 108.637 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 107.072 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 112.279 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 105.547 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 109.947 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 113.023 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 106.32 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 106.113 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 106.615 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 107.447 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 105.914 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 108.441 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 111.822 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 111.168 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 106.47 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 109.219 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 113.403 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 107.011 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 106.865 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 107.922 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 112.712 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 109.061 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 108.945 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 111.88 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 111.837 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 111.834 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 112.795 ms
fib done
