Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.184 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 62.72 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 63.339 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 57.285 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 63.167 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 58.167 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 58.672 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 65.17 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 63.522 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 58.781 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.547 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.244 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.93 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.572 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 61.557 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 58.4 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.618 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 63.033 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.594 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.847 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 60.497 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.501 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 64.094 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 61.481 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.007 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.84 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.687 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 63.13 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 60.528 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 58.102 ms
fib done
