Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.523 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 59.788 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.972 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.157 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 63.337 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.339 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 58.163 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 62.615 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.794 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.743 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.173 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.418 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.501 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 62.431 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 61.886 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 61.768 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 60.751 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 59.673 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 62.163 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 63.715 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 62.697 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 61.437 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.843 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 63.255 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.411 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.11 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 60.379 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 54.959 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 56.319 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 63.292 ms
fib done
