Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 6000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 26815.08 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 27071.32 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 27125.349 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 27010.407 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 27139.59 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 26989.915 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 27145.053 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 27393.373 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 27474.078 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 27350.114 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 26977.458 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 27311.248 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 27287.36 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 27348.898 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 27113.69 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 27202.506 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 27216.069 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 27258.43 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 27146.669 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 27421.721 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 27044.894 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 27119.747 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 27205.473 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 27642.876 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 27303.361 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 27330.112 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 27525.743 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 27196.655 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 27521.185 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 27704.928 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 4000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 34958.587 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 18313.878 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 18407.926 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 18331.711 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 18222.043 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 18196.276 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 18322.422 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 18402.179 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 18343.243 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 18302.405 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 18232.622 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 18310.961 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 18317.084 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 18132.415 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 18143.186 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 18322.944 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 18680.39 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 18232.994 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 18351.99 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 18525.765 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 18583.841 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 18582.633 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 18530.774 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 18391.346 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 18575.327 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 18403.243 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 18349.045 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 18501.148 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 18469.835 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 19126.862 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 3000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 22109.225 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 10824.901 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 10920.206 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 10838.884 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 10875.776 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 11061.261 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 10886.87 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 11129.264 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 10862.885 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 10829.552 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 10932.924 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 10841.322 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 10798.352 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 10834.449 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 10967.323 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 10953.006 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 11444.721 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 11106.45 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 11025.749 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 11073.234 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 11073.784 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 11447.77 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 10983.176 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 11050.743 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 11044.544 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 10983.07 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 11027.055 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 11069.569 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 11045.978 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 11063.46 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 2000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 6591.166 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 6687.863 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 6494.064 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 6734.623 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 6489.759 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 6455.947 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 6449.845 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 6618.408 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 6502.414 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 6510.54 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 6804.188 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 6527.051 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 6549.163 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 6592.818 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 6938.643 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 6606.788 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 6648.671 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 6761.758 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 6805.915 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 6665.065 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 6658.138 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 6622.946 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 6616.732 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 6695.365 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 6623.838 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 6647.946 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 6658.424 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 6618.804 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 7146.333 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 7175.805 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 5031.61 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 4972.172 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 5268.182 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 4923.524 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 4969.081 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 4992.913 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 5004.639 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 5172.537 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 4932.405 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 4955.308 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 5071.291 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 5272.341 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 4955.431 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 4972.971 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 4962.383 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 4951.675 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 4941.425 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 5120.4 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 5116.302 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 4974.318 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 5090.026 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 5084.594 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 5034.737 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 5033.651 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 5603.941 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 5186.414 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 5026.604 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 5009.96 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 5030.963 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 5041.26 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1000 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 3785.101 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 3806.355 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 3590.056 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 3620.508 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 3599.627 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 3598.047 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 3740.316 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 3906.687 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 3622.894 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 3610.081 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 3608.023 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 3981.564 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 3612.51 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 3616.981 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 3710.528 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 3622.451 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 3626.475 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 3626.336 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 3602.042 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 3588.209 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 3619.202 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 3630.594 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 3872.162 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 4180.344 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 3632.763 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 3641.01 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 3630.551 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 3639.272 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 3631.063 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 3638.222 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 500 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 2005.771 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 1964.451 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 2023.692 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 2090.794 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 1960.327 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 2368.655 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 2036.749 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 1976.634 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 2005.158 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 2068.653 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 1962.021 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 1964.825 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 1981.204 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 1979.389 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 2252.752 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 2137.491 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 1993.129 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 2002.855 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 2010.767 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 1997.332 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 2446.008 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 2250.518 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 2033.269 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 2011.272 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 2005.496 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 2013.991 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 2003.841 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 1986.698 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 2173.159 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 2001.546 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 100 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 866.768 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 776.713 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 877.495 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 784.413 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 769.542 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 849.399 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 834.241 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 772.367 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 795.299 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 922.858 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 880.525 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 775.224 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 768.215 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 763.092 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 768.616 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 922.322 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 971.121 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 795.749 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 771.044 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 764.595 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 767.61 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 892.632 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 917.776 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 775.818 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 770.745 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 775.486 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 768.431 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 773.405 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 781.823 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 769.339 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 50 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 645.615 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 661.95 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 675.071 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 644.312 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 636.639 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 750.198 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 682.335 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 627.824 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 624.126 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 694.489 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 666.416 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 627.196 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 629.565 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 640.145 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 709.575 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 718.41 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 634.214 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 629.043 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 626.948 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 624.466 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 624.924 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 635.427 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 795.3 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 837.465 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 665.422 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 637.448 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 625.775 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 629.31 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 627.589 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 663.695 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 20 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 568.679 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 573.711 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 574.992 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 566.376 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 565.628 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 568.533 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 564.138 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 562.447 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 566.138 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 564.026 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 573.099 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 612.198 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 555.228 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 571.537 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 622.598 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 567.992 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 551.315 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 546.205 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 551.33 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 558.893 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 557.685 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 556.776 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 562.622 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 556.186 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 555.173 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 554.834 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 552.366 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 550.278 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 559.214 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 605.916 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 559.376 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 544.119 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 534.65 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 541.817 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 544.0 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 536.483 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 524.808 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 542.441 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 530.203 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 533.178 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 529.674 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 535.469 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 537.18 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 536.278 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 533.924 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 530.351 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 528.657 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 534.445 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 561.596 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 524.861 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 521.739 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 525.257 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 571.313 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 538.893 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 542.694 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 528.038 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 530.264 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 530.629 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 523.418 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 527.444 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 526.356 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 532.144 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 541.443 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 536.104 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 528.234 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 516.936 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 514.248 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 517.197 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 514.359 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 534.381 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 536.91 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 515.435 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 515.473 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 538.567 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 514.909 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 524.407 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 515.703 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 512.107 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 512.898 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 507.232 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 512.078 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 507.915 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 511.951 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 509.838 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 523.027 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 520.571 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 523.545 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 565.086 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 545.112 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 507.201 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 4 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 531.134 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 528.704 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 515.605 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 526.361 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 558.162 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 520.313 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 546.224 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 530.762 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 523.767 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 517.831 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 513.3 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 510.591 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 510.109 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 513.404 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 510.598 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 515.241 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 537.752 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 539.907 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 510.361 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 504.2 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 541.371 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 532.313 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 516.044 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 516.156 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 513.086 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 508.413 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 510.941 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 513.602 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 506.143 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 515.13 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 2 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 509.63 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 526.468 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 520.197 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 507.992 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 502.09 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 502.494 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 508.238 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 501.002 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 518.863 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 526.543 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 498.127 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 510.036 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 516.641 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 501.512 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 502.858 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 494.537 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 497.597 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 495.932 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 499.989 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 497.104 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 494.864 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 495.562 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 497.791 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 496.848 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 521.073 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 556.186 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 536.783 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 501.56 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 500.238 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 536.235 ms
send_message done
------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 493.006 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 504.642 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 499.086 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 499.322 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 500.977 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 501.267 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 504.043 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 496.544 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 486.247 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 485.785 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 485.168 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 490.294 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 488.544 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 487.625 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 487.992 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 502.237 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 507.246 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 493.843 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 498.427 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 515.702 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 516.932 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 494.78 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 496.894 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 489.168 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 486.064 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 489.68 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 489.025 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 490.824 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 490.537 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 493.169 ms
send_message done
