Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 110.298 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 127.689 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 128.385 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 117.02 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 116.271 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 129.561 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 121.376 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 120.774 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 126.361 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 119.72 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 117.732 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 116.545 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 117.741 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 116.011 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 132.255 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 146.773 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 117.849 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 115.58 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 117.541 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 128.296 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 116.243 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 114.227 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 117.413 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 116.343 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 110.168 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 121.657 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 120.081 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 117.633 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 124.449 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 134.225 ms
fib done
