Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 60.503 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.519 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.567 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.403 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.177 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 55.878 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 57.272 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 60.817 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 54.338 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 54.539 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 61.545 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 63.882 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 63.506 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 63.035 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 60.13 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.514 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.724 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 58.839 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 60.203 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.348 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 62.241 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 62.2 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.59 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 59.963 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 59.677 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 57.944 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 59.693 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 57.901 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 61.835 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.917 ms
fib done
