Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.189 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.545 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 60.202 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.116 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 62.698 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.768 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 60.176 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 58.288 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 62.738 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.482 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 61.814 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.623 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.424 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 64.091 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 63.623 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.27 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 62.267 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.008 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 63.331 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 63.106 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 63.937 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 64.126 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 62.353 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 60.477 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 60.878 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 60.77 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 62.811 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 61.091 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 60.749 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.234 ms
fib done
