Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.674 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 59.479 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.691 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.911 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 64.209 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.677 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.266 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 61.79 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 63.006 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 62.156 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 62.626 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 62.096 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 62.863 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 61.833 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.349 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.724 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 63.882 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 62.011 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 61.738 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 62.975 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 62.271 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 60.365 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.521 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 60.798 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 62.615 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 62.261 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.403 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 61.694 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 60.837 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 62.783 ms
fib done
