Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 851.537 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 796.632 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 795.079 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 803.348 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 809.013 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 806.633 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 806.62 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 813.861 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 809.832 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 815.879 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 804.615 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 810.519 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 804.708 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 803.958 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 803.543 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 809.207 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 807.077 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 810.443 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 801.418 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 803.671 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 800.582 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 804.683 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 805.164 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 801.613 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 796.941 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 808.157 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 813.123 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 818.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 799.695 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 808.523 ms
timeline done
