Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark profile: 1
Wall clock time = 213.584 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 2
Wall clock time = 208.364 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 3
Wall clock time = 197.284 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 4
Wall clock time = 188.85 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 5
Wall clock time = 200.328 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 6
Wall clock time = 195.446 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 7
Wall clock time = 191.389 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 8
Wall clock time = 207.445 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 9
Wall clock time = 181.447 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 10
Wall clock time = 189.952 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 11
Wall clock time = 195.339 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 12
Wall clock time = 191.186 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 13
Wall clock time = 190.508 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 14
Wall clock time = 199.352 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 15
Wall clock time = 207.205 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 16
Wall clock time = 195.127 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 17
Wall clock time = 208.661 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 18
Wall clock time = 203.149 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 19
Wall clock time = 205.099 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 20
Wall clock time = 183.797 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 21
Wall clock time = 194.325 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 22
Wall clock time = 188.15 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 23
Wall clock time = 204.589 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 24
Wall clock time = 199.352 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 25
Wall clock time = 199.327 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 26
Wall clock time = 187.892 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 27
Wall clock time = 192.093 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 28
Wall clock time = 197.999 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 29
Wall clock time = 177.753 ms
profile done
Starting benchmark profile: 30
Wall clock time = 188.126 ms
profile done
