Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 224.875 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 197.785 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 193.895 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 193.513 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 192.709 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 188.977 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 195.62 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 203.145 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 193.993 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 199.439 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 200.561 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 202.127 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 202.072 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 195.895 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 193.8 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 196.646 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 195.714 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 194.328 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 198.802 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 201.849 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 196.934 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 191.214 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 197.146 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 199.112 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 201.48 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 197.645 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 197.088 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 194.672 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 197.127 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 199.793 ms
timeline done
