Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 0.081 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 0.1 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 0.093 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 0.078 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 0.105 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 0.084 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 0.075 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 0.111 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 0.07 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 0.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 0.087 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 0.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 0.091 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 0.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 0.063 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 0.06 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 0.114 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 0.095 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 0.068 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 0.091 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 0.06 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 0.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 0.091 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 0.065 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 0.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 0.057 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 0.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 0.103 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 0.089 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 0.069 ms
timeline done
