Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 223.72 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 223.121 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 209.246 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 196.524 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 197.978 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 198.695 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 188.419 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 192.157 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 188.574 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 189.428 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 189.327 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 198.367 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 199.667 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 193.999 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 207.641 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 195.672 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 194.728 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 201.085 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 198.827 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 195.806 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 202.817 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 199.737 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 193.68 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 193.24 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 191.564 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 195.296 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 192.671 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 195.99 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 194.383 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 193.668 ms
timeline done
