Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 223.364 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 220.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 216.528 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 211.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 193.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 193.458 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 199.392 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 197.592 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 196.598 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 194.006 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 194.994 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 188.75 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 193.424 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 193.775 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 193.528 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 194.855 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 200.937 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 194.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 202.082 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 201.125 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 211.403 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 214.148 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 206.812 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 212.438 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 214.687 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 211.675 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 213.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 211.8 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 206.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 201.382 ms
timeline done
