Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 226.302 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 227.675 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 221.454 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 249.147 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 232.03 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 239.096 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 230.26 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 242.697 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 234.736 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 225.348 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 243.109 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 227.076 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 224.014 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 228.947 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 230.621 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 237.776 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 229.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 224.039 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 233.821 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 237.453 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 243.271 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 230.161 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 221.706 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 223.672 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 251.869 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 234.23 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 237.981 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 238.759 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 239.954 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 235.97 ms
timeline done
