Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 208.634 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 195.617 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 188.808 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 186.077 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 188.007 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 183.985 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 184.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 181.75 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 183.151 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 184.206 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 184.183 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 184.35 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 184.646 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 191.06 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 191.834 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 188.427 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 186.616 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 188.693 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 185.635 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 186.564 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 187.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 188.215 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 188.923 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 190.674 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 188.018 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 188.578 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 189.759 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 187.751 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 191.485 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 189.583 ms
timeline done
