Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 219.231 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 214.84 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 206.955 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 200.413 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 201.592 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 210.47 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 197.926 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 196.933 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 198.413 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 198.74 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 193.564 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 195.847 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 199.003 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 203.96 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 210.536 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 211.816 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 212.682 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 214.653 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 215.825 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 217.178 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 217.102 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 215.525 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 201.213 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 209.804 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 212.205 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 210.054 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 205.919 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 207.613 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 200.947 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 197.319 ms
timeline done
