Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

------------ Threshold: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 228.323 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 226.492 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 225.138 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 202.183 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 199.32 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 200.511 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 202.226 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 199.359 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 197.462 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 192.15 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 196.452 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 196.891 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 195.374 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 196.996 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 193.86 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 199.015 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 200.334 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 198.678 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 196.692 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 195.647 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 193.064 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 195.66 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 203.626 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 190.912 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 195.098 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 195.384 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 196.36 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 196.579 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 197.859 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 194.886 ms
timeline done
