Parameters:
Number of users: 1000
Number of subscriptions: [1,5,10,25,30]
Number of messages: 10

------------ subscriptions: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 42.832 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 35.09 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 33.926 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 33.548 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 32.792 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 32.383 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 32.334 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 31.883 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 31.823 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 31.565 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 31.728 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 31.775 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 31.882 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 32.215 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 33.619 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 33.17 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 32.899 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 33.206 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 32.703 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 32.612 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 32.333 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 32.218 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 32.009 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 31.96 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 32.023 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 31.948 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 31.995 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 31.88 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 31.967 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 31.758 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 90.717 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 85.967 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 81.455 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 75.836 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 73.131 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 72.298 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 70.655 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 70.518 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 70.874 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 74.255 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 71.356 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 70.352 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 69.283 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 69.429 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 71.123 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 70.223 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 68.939 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 69.183 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 69.023 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 69.422 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 70.167 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 70.381 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 68.931 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 68.813 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 68.891 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 69.143 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 69.241 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 69.109 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 68.825 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 69.0 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 159.745 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 141.185 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 135.258 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 130.459 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 127.944 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 125.139 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 124.054 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 124.294 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 124.869 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 124.429 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 124.605 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 124.944 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 135.429 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 124.716 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 124.082 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 122.571 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 123.117 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 122.187 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 122.505 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 123.644 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 124.467 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 123.542 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 122.447 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 124.256 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 124.954 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 124.963 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 122.674 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 124.753 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 124.142 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 122.482 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 25 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 353.97 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 328.412 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 308.098 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 295.751 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 282.25 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 282.253 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 282.955 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 282.018 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 278.177 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 278.472 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 275.132 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 276.398 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 273.829 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 274.76 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 277.765 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 274.138 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 278.911 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 273.484 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 277.958 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 281.587 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 279.571 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 279.712 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 275.305 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 279.71 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 277.001 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 276.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 278.533 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 276.644 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 277.699 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 277.976 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 30 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 456.742 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 387.613 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 373.112 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 365.671 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 364.847 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 360.287 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 356.873 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 354.408 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 356.938 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 358.733 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 354.67 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 356.502 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 356.872 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 355.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 356.444 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 355.402 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 362.126 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 357.227 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 354.423 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 355.156 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 353.53 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 355.664 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 353.0 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 353.863 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 352.826 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 354.153 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 352.476 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 352.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 354.76 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 353.112 ms
timeline done
