Parameters:
Number of users: 1000
Number of subscriptions: [1,5,10,25,30]
Number of messages: 10

------------ subscriptions: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 49.184 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 35.172 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 33.336 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 34.47 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 35.155 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 33.851 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 35.372 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 34.377 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 32.82 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 32.451 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 33.924 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 32.817 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 32.035 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 31.614 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 31.582 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 31.127 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 31.38 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 31.387 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 31.369 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 31.114 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 31.17 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 31.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 30.991 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 30.873 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 31.07 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 31.017 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 33.864 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 31.994 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 31.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 32.189 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 90.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 81.398 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 74.567 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 73.043 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 73.431 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 71.007 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 70.022 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 68.827 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 69.636 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 68.206 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 69.749 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 68.061 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 69.363 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 67.74 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 70.071 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 67.896 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 68.883 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 67.642 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 68.892 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 67.81 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 68.698 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 67.52 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 68.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 67.73 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 68.887 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 67.566 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 68.673 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 67.841 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 69.69 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 67.63 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 162.104 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 146.609 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 137.971 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 135.696 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 127.431 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 122.526 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 118.752 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 120.614 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 119.568 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 124.203 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 119.291 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 118.959 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 117.555 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 118.885 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 117.285 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 118.745 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 117.639 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 121.521 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 118.622 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 119.933 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 117.944 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 119.306 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 117.614 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 119.309 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 116.919 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 124.238 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 121.331 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 119.517 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 119.164 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 121.73 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 25 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 351.752 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 329.33 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 300.943 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 290.156 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 277.926 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 283.131 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 277.209 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 281.006 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 276.249 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 281.136 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 278.257 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 278.687 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 275.941 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 279.442 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 276.386 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 277.855 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 278.959 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 279.014 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 278.353 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 275.632 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 275.248 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 287.319 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 275.652 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 274.588 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 276.761 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 280.577 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 274.381 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 280.633 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 274.616 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 278.047 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 30 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 468.128 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 399.879 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 389.448 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 381.945 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 379.93 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 374.851 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 365.917 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 370.202 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 366.64 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 371.582 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 367.706 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 366.467 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 364.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 364.529 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 364.325 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 366.087 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 364.411 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 363.643 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 362.248 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 364.234 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 364.099 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 362.609 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 362.363 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 364.21 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 358.839 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 357.904 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 363.375 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 359.47 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 362.691 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 370.74 ms
timeline done
