Parameters:
Number of users: 1000
Number of subscriptions: [1,5,10,25,30]
Number of messages: 10

------------ subscriptions: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 42.218 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 33.432 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 33.031 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 32.577 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 31.816 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 32.1 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 31.965 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 31.615 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 31.556 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 31.8 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 31.361 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 31.051 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 31.046 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 30.952 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 31.183 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 31.034 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 31.553 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 31.141 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 30.954 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 31.338 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 31.107 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 31.014 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 31.048 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 31.029 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 30.946 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 31.334 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 30.87 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 31.294 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 31.248 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 30.582 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 95.489 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 81.482 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 76.273 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 73.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 70.783 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 69.958 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 69.356 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 69.027 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 69.023 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 68.438 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 67.758 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 67.803 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 67.968 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 69.306 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 67.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 67.29 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 67.528 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 67.472 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 67.896 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 67.683 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 67.91 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 74.895 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 70.996 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 69.426 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 68.414 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 67.527 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 67.636 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 67.78 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 67.335 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 67.301 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 158.628 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 138.706 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 130.131 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 126.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 123.096 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 120.703 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 120.317 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 118.94 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 125.091 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 123.9 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 119.235 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 118.607 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 119.308 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 125.092 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 118.779 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 124.188 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 120.44 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 122.282 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 119.135 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 119.236 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 118.804 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 122.498 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 119.277 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 118.744 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 118.801 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 132.977 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 119.813 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 119.808 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 120.04 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 119.767 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 25 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 355.869 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 330.049 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 305.25 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 288.854 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 282.543 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 283.708 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 282.766 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 282.079 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 283.494 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 282.292 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 281.127 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 276.7 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 278.147 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 275.715 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 275.297 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 275.584 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 279.758 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 276.339 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 275.756 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 280.287 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 277.654 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 278.391 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 280.334 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 280.099 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 280.225 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 282.949 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 277.828 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 274.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 278.551 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 274.797 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 30 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 462.757 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 397.371 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 380.255 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 371.862 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 366.465 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 362.562 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 363.694 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 356.213 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 358.124 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 361.931 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 357.915 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 364.174 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 355.898 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 355.344 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 358.781 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 354.711 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 354.392 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 353.706 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 353.19 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 354.898 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 357.716 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 353.395 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 358.291 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 355.661 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 355.126 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 357.387 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 356.412 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 360.97 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 363.19 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 359.006 ms
timeline done
