Parameters:
Number of users: 1000
Number of subscriptions: [1,5,10,25,30]
Number of messages: 10

------------ subscriptions: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 57.807 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 51.07 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 57.051 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 54.635 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 50.841 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 47.568 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 54.34 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 51.914 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 50.194 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 48.958 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 50.193 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 50.185 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 47.25 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 47.622 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 55.177 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 51.108 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 52.788 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 51.834 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 50.072 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 47.198 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 47.126 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 50.96 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 52.847 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 51.452 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 56.158 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 49.586 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 52.744 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 54.383 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 54.541 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 47.616 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 87.995 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 93.702 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 90.74 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 91.488 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 83.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 89.162 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 84.538 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 90.041 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 86.2 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 90.197 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 84.027 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 81.8 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 81.695 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 81.161 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 85.774 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 92.68 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 92.488 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 92.258 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 83.595 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 80.8 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 82.251 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 92.031 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 92.11 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 92.053 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 92.022 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 90.805 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 80.954 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 80.385 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 91.466 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 87.008 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 147.837 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 140.228 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 140.628 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 129.039 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 137.914 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 126.375 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 136.749 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 136.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 124.877 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 137.08 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 127.025 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 135.587 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 123.78 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 134.838 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 131.181 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 136.232 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 123.741 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 135.189 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 123.352 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 135.735 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 123.761 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 135.64 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 136.653 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 129.301 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 135.739 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 123.926 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 135.14 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 125.271 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 134.565 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 130.5 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 25 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 314.98 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 312.614 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 286.409 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 293.905 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 280.496 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 288.579 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 279.493 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 286.874 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 273.076 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 287.183 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 291.024 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 281.603 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 284.519 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 273.916 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 269.138 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 274.121 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 279.13 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 270.406 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 287.405 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 272.216 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 286.611 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 286.603 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 281.696 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 289.898 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 274.519 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 288.884 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 270.902 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 281.74 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 270.706 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 281.578 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 30 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 418.737 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 400.393 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 373.797 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 375.268 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 376.251 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 370.134 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 384.223 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 383.261 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 378.637 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 379.037 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 366.075 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 367.76 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 378.682 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 377.897 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 365.891 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 373.628 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 373.496 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 383.613 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 365.908 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 375.958 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 363.015 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 367.683 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 361.152 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 370.563 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 373.525 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 365.761 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 370.649 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 368.552 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 382.815 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 365.96 ms
timeline done
