Parameters:
Number of users: 1000
Number of subscriptions: [1,5,10,25,30]
Number of messages: 10

------------ subscriptions: 1 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 45.294 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 39.047 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 36.642 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 35.658 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 35.093 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 35.18 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 35.351 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 34.806 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 33.577 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 33.573 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 32.88 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 32.781 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 32.456 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 32.524 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 32.357 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 32.932 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 32.402 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 32.445 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 32.749 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 32.978 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 32.669 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 32.379 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 32.691 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 32.608 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 32.218 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 32.628 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 32.539 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 32.648 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 32.458 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 32.49 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 5 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 97.539 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 97.617 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 85.953 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 78.089 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 77.232 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 76.478 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 75.657 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 74.078 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 73.168 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 73.158 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 71.84 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 71.954 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 72.049 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 72.111 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 72.134 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 72.337 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 72.545 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 72.337 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 78.051 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 74.253 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 73.82 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 72.522 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 72.178 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 72.686 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 72.424 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 71.92 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 72.327 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 71.858 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 72.366 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 72.07 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 10 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 156.18 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 141.409 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 141.15 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 133.582 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 126.824 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 125.339 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 132.983 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 128.298 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 126.162 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 123.296 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 125.003 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 122.714 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 124.362 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 122.776 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 123.297 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 124.052 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 121.14 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 122.238 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 124.648 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 123.995 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 122.727 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 123.882 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 122.681 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 122.956 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 124.32 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 123.22 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 127.041 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 123.452 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 124.149 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 123.392 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 25 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 352.393 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 332.478 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 306.874 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 290.459 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 291.12 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 285.574 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 288.784 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 282.107 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 286.184 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 280.823 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 283.588 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 279.642 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 283.208 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 284.779 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 279.878 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 288.35 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 283.826 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 281.11 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 278.4 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 279.388 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 276.542 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 279.772 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 276.677 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 274.37 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 279.582 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 279.318 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 279.279 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 280.449 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 278.371 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 282.047 ms
timeline done
------------ subscriptions: 30 ------------ 
Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 454.458 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 400.04 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 377.979 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 371.367 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 365.967 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 365.818 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 364.266 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 363.12 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 375.431 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 364.392 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 360.479 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 358.524 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 361.242 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 360.016 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 357.278 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 360.463 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 362.815 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 366.689 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 364.443 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 360.9 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 359.652 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 362.87 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 364.377 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 359.591 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 356.891 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 363.832 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 359.523 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 366.628 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 361.941 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 363.803 ms
timeline done
