Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 171.32 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 131.305 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 137.801 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 137.23 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 133.347 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 134.521 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 134.593 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 160.694 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 174.198 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 140.494 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 138.38 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 141.392 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 137.978 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 139.602 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 144.046 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 142.73 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 148.112 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 178.857 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 140.578 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 184.898 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 141.369 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 137.06 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 141.749 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 141.927 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 140.867 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 155.396 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 159.358 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 150.733 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 145.303 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 148.016 ms
send_message done
