Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 170.812 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 134.116 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 131.924 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 130.984 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 131.913 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 131.742 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 133.098 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 130.334 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 131.43 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 134.142 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 133.414 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 165.37 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 167.459 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 139.19 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 136.653 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 135.615 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 133.64 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 134.738 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 136.84 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 136.591 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 137.456 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 138.548 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 137.425 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 139.11 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 139.88 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 140.332 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 146.611 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 143.098 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 182.276 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 157.423 ms
send_message done
