Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 882.772 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 893.63 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 845.504 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 844.952 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 848.075 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 850.601 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 863.261 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 857.654 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 860.252 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 840.555 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 832.472 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 828.862 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 825.062 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 882.828 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 893.895 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 889.468 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 853.157 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 844.478 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 840.234 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 823.764 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 829.234 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 833.523 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 860.927 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 816.662 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 857.126 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 824.917 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 839.473 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 839.198 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 824.739 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 839.73 ms
timeline done
