Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 175.741 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 134.685 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 135.352 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 133.038 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 133.924 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 138.871 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 135.898 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 134.179 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 135.101 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 135.556 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 136.636 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 176.813 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 176.31 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 140.344 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 136.495 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 142.532 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 140.87 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 141.17 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 149.289 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 146.901 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 144.471 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 146.171 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 144.739 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 197.457 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 147.292 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 187.087 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 147.069 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 146.395 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 146.993 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 155.249 ms
send_message done
