Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 59.496 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 55.61 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.071 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.225 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 59.568 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 60.921 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 61.256 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 60.899 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.83 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 61.312 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 61.346 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 60.219 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.058 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 60.912 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 62.201 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 61.918 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 60.817 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18

BREAK: (a)bort (A)bort with dump (c)ontinue (p)roc info (i)nfo
       (l)oaded (v)ersion (k)ill (D)b-tables (d)istribution
