Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 922.703 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 868.554 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 844.886 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 860.031 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 884.341 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 835.982 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 838.693 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 871.612 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 857.027 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 861.147 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 860.802 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 880.362 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 865.922 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 868.17 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 895.995 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 864.637 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 856.743 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 932.729 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 868.42 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 864.434 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 877.613 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 884.499 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 884.715 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 854.302 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 845.232 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 874.925 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 856.472 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 890.697 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 874.277 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 881.246 ms
timeline done
