Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 910.149 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 851.177 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 880.155 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 858.475 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 865.594 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 858.308 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 848.512 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 839.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 824.173 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 846.326 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 863.041 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 861.327 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 834.982 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 831.812 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 833.392 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 833.774 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 835.144 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 835.643 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 833.281 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 844.664 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 838.055 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 867.911 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 831.52 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 832.253 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 832.863 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 830.116 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 831.446 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 923.932 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 923.385 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 831.246 ms
timeline done
