Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 899.538 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 856.111 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 845.543 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 832.051 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 840.489 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 857.995 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 860.566 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 834.38 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 831.987 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 847.126 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 834.018 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 844.728 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 871.836 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 857.607 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 850.742 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 855.328 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 852.433 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 869.145 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 871.368 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 859.635 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 865.529 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 838.675 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 895.627 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 854.098 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 860.781 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 893.408 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 919.828 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 909.656 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 898.625 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 837.325 ms
timeline done
