Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 828.334 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 819.666 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 821.952 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 815.382 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 835.96 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 816.807 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 851.075 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 827.387 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 828.541 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 795.661 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 853.177 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 849.886 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 828.665 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 843.933 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 816.911 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 807.025 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 803.032 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 847.628 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 868.309 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 837.678 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 848.381 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 788.723 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 810.749 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 815.003 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 811.728 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 843.47 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 823.023 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 863.717 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 843.588 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 799.914 ms
fib done
