Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 106.437 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 106.831 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 107.71 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 109.622 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 107.489 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 104.871 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 108.019 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 109.324 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 110.858 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 110.119 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 111.281 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 108.709 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 108.545 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 107.944 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 109.597 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 109.546 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 108.641 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 109.409 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 108.607 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 107.354 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 108.018 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 111.855 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 108.533 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 111.865 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 109.467 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 109.485 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 110.555 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 108.442 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 111.237 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 109.6 ms
fib done
