Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 184.981 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 182.962 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 183.212 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 181.571 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 182.164 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 181.787 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 183.459 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 183.678 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 183.535 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 181.485 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 182.124 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 183.67 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 184.583 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 184.919 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 182.661 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 183.29 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 182.495 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 180.75 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 182.705 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 183.088 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 182.315 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 183.71 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 182.158 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 181.058 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 181.817 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 183.783 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 183.163 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 180.875 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 183.301 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 183.475 ms
fib done
