Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.534 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.509 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.825 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.622 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.34 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 60.839 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 62.3 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 60.921 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 59.642 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 60.003 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 61.427 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 61.162 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.236 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 60.93 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 61.721 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.807 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.016 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 60.438 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 61.408 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.115 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.303 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 60.726 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.028 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 59.927 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.266 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 60.619 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.284 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 60.513 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 61.897 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.703 ms
fib done

BREAK: (a)bort (A)bort with dump (c)ontinue (p)roc info (i)nfo
       (l)oaded (v)ersion (k)ill (D)b-tables (d)istribution
