Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 967.392 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 860.11 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 849.359 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 861.399 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 901.474 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 898.298 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 1006.948 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 962.468 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 946.81 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 917.572 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 946.413 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 981.12 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 904.259 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 947.338 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 993.534 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1135.529 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 956.732 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 1115.3 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 967.265 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 1160.561 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 1077.847 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 954.28 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 971.738 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 921.15 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 928.01 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 942.551 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 910.676 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 940.72 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 948.174 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 925.749 ms
timeline done
