Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 243.575 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 133.716 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 132.356 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 131.646 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 135.805 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 136.075 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 136.735 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 161.342 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 168.104 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 137.983 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 141.459 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 139.703 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 141.979 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 137.622 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 140.338 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 139.739 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 145.705 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 174.517 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 145.307 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 180.785 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 142.327 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 143.644 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 143.909 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 144.972 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 141.934 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 147.038 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 144.828 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 153.155 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 154.59 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 151.397 ms
send_message done
