Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 891.661 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 844.891 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 837.277 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 833.257 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 859.619 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 857.888 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 871.985 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 833.266 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 838.519 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 855.007 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 847.063 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 827.748 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 889.395 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 832.498 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 846.208 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 849.671 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 831.59 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 820.553 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 848.797 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 844.997 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 829.298 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 832.377 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 819.162 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 840.995 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 829.697 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 851.641 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 839.778 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 829.817 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 828.076 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 819.644 ms
timeline done
