Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 81.119 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 78.045 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 78.761 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 78.524 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 78.865 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 78.457 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 78.558 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 77.199 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 77.806 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 78.421 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 78.674 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 78.246 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 77.817 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 78.74 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 78.803 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 79.336 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 78.046 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 78.686 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 78.311 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 78.013 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 78.17 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 78.78 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 78.425 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 78.797 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 78.405 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 78.3 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 79.232 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 78.089 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 77.143 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 77.112 ms
fib done
