Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 173.296 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 132.471 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 134.919 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 153.23 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 162.3 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 137.914 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 133.684 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 142.84 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 145.153 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 142.568 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 139.532 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 151.939 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 142.668 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 145.282 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 144.323 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 144.696 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 184.666 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 147.768 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 186.313 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 138.602 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 143.458 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 146.894 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 144.164 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 145.963 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 145.745 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 145.419 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 142.074 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 145.527 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 147.022 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 152.138 ms
send_message done
