Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 171.557 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 131.338 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 130.33 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 129.297 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 129.152 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 131.916 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 139.407 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 132.843 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 133.773 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 137.028 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 134.429 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 168.829 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 176.894 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 143.868 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 138.377 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 140.384 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 137.891 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 137.057 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 137.914 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 143.74 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 149.274 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 143.994 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 154.861 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 196.169 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 141.941 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 183.935 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 196.507 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 190.458 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 187.767 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 207.67 ms
send_message done
