Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 183.648 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 139.396 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 137.502 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 134.81 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 136.284 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 167.97 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 201.118 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 227.741 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 224.605 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 203.346 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 153.418 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 144.487 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 147.366 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 140.069 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 141.374 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 142.558 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 144.195 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 186.445 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 185.695 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 148.413 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 144.145 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 144.077 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 144.491 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 145.024 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 147.849 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 159.881 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 153.536 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 167.957 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 158.149 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 154.906 ms
send_message done
