Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 953.364 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 922.596 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 841.353 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 898.933 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 904.291 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 831.725 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 832.034 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 991.965 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 957.821 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 846.468 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 860.433 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 872.811 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 838.736 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 879.524 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 834.857 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 855.096 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 849.326 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 843.689 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 844.22 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 838.672 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 847.994 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 842.103 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 844.6 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 837.174 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 848.513 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 846.427 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 1070.395 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 1033.846 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 871.558 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 868.311 ms
timeline done
