Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 61.438 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 61.399 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 60.818 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.576 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 60.152 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 60.898 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 61.608 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 60.514 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 60.802 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 59.628 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 60.495 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 58.943 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 61.521 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 60.017 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 60.813 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.777 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 60.262 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 59.051 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 60.179 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 60.688 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 59.364 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 60.681 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 60.674 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 59.65 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 60.946 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 61.048 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 60.18 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 60.157 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 60.556 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.539 ms
fib done
