Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 174.244 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 135.521 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 131.634 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 164.327 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 182.585 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 187.857 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 193.271 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 179.091 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 179.645 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 202.122 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 195.131 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 215.348 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 227.823 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 199.58 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 196.253 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 198.162 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 204.666 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 200.303 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 199.623 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 204.264 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 206.105 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 191.544 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 202.624 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 211.082 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 192.098 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 187.53 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 203.07 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 203.612 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29

BREAK: (a)bort (A)bort with dump (c)ontinue (p)roc info (i)nfo
       (l)oaded (v)ersion (k)ill (D)b-tables (d)istribution
