Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 69.227 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 67.392 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 66.567 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 66.526 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 67.937 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 67.267 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 68.352 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 66.25 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 67.198 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 67.671 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 67.415 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 67.515 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 67.243 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 67.505 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 66.957 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 67.365 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 67.055 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 66.651 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 68.464 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 67.104 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 67.565 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 67.511 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 67.377 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 67.331 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 67.142 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 67.202 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 66.999 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 67.1 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 66.72 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 67.924 ms
fib done
