Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 918.889 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 851.888 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 830.663 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 829.405 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 892.691 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 843.277 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 841.921 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 856.684 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 830.352 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 832.296 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 828.664 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 827.763 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 841.11 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 863.312 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 851.442 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 878.828 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 881.286 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 972.614 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 895.463 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 834.45 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 842.778 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 827.988 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 825.71 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 832.73 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 829.437 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 829.533 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 829.292 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 830.132 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 830.033 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 858.925 ms
timeline done
