Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 87.218 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 84.86 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 86.954 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 87.889 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 86.005 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 85.728 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 89.132 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 87.754 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 88.802 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 89.028 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 87.608 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 87.883 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 88.425 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 88.35 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 88.214 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 88.268 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 89.05 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 88.644 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 88.138 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 89.171 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 87.993 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 88.83 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 88.804 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 88.295 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 88.732 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 88.709 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 88.937 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 88.952 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 89.134 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 87.974 ms
fib done
