Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 902.926 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 831.445 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 847.056 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 838.189 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 836.768 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 840.177 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 853.132 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 840.565 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 817.309 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 860.064 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 856.714 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 851.961 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 865.596 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 843.201 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 845.079 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 820.082 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 852.731 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 889.342 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 955.285 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 896.542 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 825.083 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 826.636 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 823.703 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 822.37 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 834.777 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 826.767 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 864.411 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 823.06 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 824.313 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 821.232 ms
timeline done
