Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 177.647 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 136.283 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 137.203 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 137.984 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 134.899 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 135.288 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 137.649 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 135.291 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 137.279 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 146.835 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 142.312 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 172.148 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 171.135 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 142.003 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 145.403 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 139.254 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 145.985 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 148.491 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 152.935 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 145.488 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 144.041 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 142.015 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 143.788 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 144.995 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 153.566 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 164.159 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 189.236 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 172.015 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 161.59 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 203.113 ms
send_message done
