Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 180.956 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 134.688 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 133.462 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 134.399 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 134.528 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 135.697 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 137.031 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 163.951 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 166.176 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 136.943 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 136.558 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 139.036 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 139.618 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 139.443 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 140.159 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 141.598 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 140.884 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 144.557 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 142.115 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 143.07 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 148.007 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 147.427 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 194.4 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 145.734 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 187.419 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 151.299 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 148.444 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 146.848 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 147.614 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 150.841 ms
send_message done
