Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark timeline: 1
Wall clock time = 868.419 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 2
Wall clock time = 899.013 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 3
Wall clock time = 853.625 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 4
Wall clock time = 906.127 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 5
Wall clock time = 813.309 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 6
Wall clock time = 904.617 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 7
Wall clock time = 849.484 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 8
Wall clock time = 845.579 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 9
Wall clock time = 839.74 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 10
Wall clock time = 916.638 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 11
Wall clock time = 858.26 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 12
Wall clock time = 873.244 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 13
Wall clock time = 846.032 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 14
Wall clock time = 852.236 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 15
Wall clock time = 882.387 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 16
Wall clock time = 1013.563 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 17
Wall clock time = 921.631 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 18
Wall clock time = 822.811 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 19
Wall clock time = 952.024 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 20
Wall clock time = 964.142 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 21
Wall clock time = 854.069 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 22
Wall clock time = 828.56 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 23
Wall clock time = 901.063 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 24
Wall clock time = 1020.288 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 25
Wall clock time = 842.938 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 26
Wall clock time = 849.935 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 27
Wall clock time = 823.024 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 28
Wall clock time = 850.464 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 29
Wall clock time = 894.237 ms
timeline done
Starting benchmark timeline: 30
Wall clock time = 856.015 ms
timeline done
