Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 138.292 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 137.758 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 141.474 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 140.161 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 140.619 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 135.151 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 141.263 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 140.331 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 141.99 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 140.867 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 141.35 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 142.07 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 140.685 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 139.186 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 139.431 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 139.532 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 136.837 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 138.638 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 137.983 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 136.794 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 140.402 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 140.39 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 138.74 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 137.979 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 140.425 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 141.125 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 137.015 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 141.047 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 140.952 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 140.251 ms
fib done
