Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 63.431 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.468 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.631 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 62.07 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.046 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.498 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 60.475 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 60.903 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.826 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 59.467 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 61.47 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 60.305 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 60.555 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 61.96 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 59.987 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 58.888 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 60.56 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 61.156 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 60.43 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.99 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.504 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 61.774 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.034 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 60.32 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 59.397 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 60.457 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 59.781 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 60.217 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 60.063 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 59.201 ms
fib done
