Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 74.21 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 71.991 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 72.274 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 71.875 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 71.844 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 73.579 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 72.623 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 72.328 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 72.249 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 72.517 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 72.431 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 72.572 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 73.38 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 71.553 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 73.213 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 72.742 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 72.855 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 73.421 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 78.175 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 77.41 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 73.318 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 73.57 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 71.345 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 72.963 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 73.597 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 73.307 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 73.266 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 72.831 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 73.576 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 72.133 ms
fib done
