Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 171.736 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 133.398 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 130.491 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 131.709 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 131.7 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 131.249 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 133.64 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 131.738 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 135.174 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 135.355 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 133.793 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 166.699 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 170.059 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 139.445 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 137.371 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 134.543 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 139.425 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 140.167 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 140.734 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 140.859 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 147.046 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 147.526 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 150.86 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 145.214 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 146.881 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 145.677 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 151.39 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 147.924 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 187.362 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 165.643 ms
send_message done
