Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.857 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.383 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 60.792 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 60.115 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.481 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 61.322 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 60.644 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 61.255 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.606 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 60.951 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 61.816 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 60.979 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 60.933 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 60.704 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 60.79 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 60.328 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 59.764 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 59.286 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 60.025 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 60.833 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 59.977 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 59.497 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 60.429 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 61.009 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 60.978 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 60.944 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 60.714 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 58.292 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 58.075 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 60.381 ms
fib done
