Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 330.536 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 322.902 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 327.693 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 315.542 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 334.222 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 319.037 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 324.208 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 316.005 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 317.273 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 323.701 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 329.506 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 331.326 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 321.77 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 321.557 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 319.128 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 314.029 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 329.27 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 316.015 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 318.346 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 303.506 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 323.18 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 323.736 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 307.064 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 322.621 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 324.27 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 336.429 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 318.841 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 305.17 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 315.939 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 305.193 ms
fib done
