Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of messages: 10

Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 173.793 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 135.98 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 134.931 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 132.76 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 133.821 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 133.245 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 135.407 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 134.018 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 138.701 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 146.616 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 138.726 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 171.061 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 173.973 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 140.776 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 139.79 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 136.988 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 140.868 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 141.053 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 140.073 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 142.419 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 145.519 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 145.168 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 148.281 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 145.524 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 148.548 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 148.837 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 153.717 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 155.217 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 197.586 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 167.254 ms
send_message done
