Parameters:

Starting benchmark fib: 1
Wall clock time = 62.109 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 2
Wall clock time = 60.568 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 3
Wall clock time = 61.545 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 4
Wall clock time = 61.729 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 5
Wall clock time = 61.559 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 6
Wall clock time = 60.304 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 7
Wall clock time = 61.243 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 8
Wall clock time = 60.819 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 9
Wall clock time = 61.188 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 10
Wall clock time = 60.069 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 11
Wall clock time = 60.89 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 12
Wall clock time = 60.818 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 13
Wall clock time = 60.992 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 14
Wall clock time = 61.577 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 15
Wall clock time = 61.082 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 16
Wall clock time = 62.006 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 17
Wall clock time = 61.485 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 18
Wall clock time = 60.318 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 19
Wall clock time = 60.801 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 20
Wall clock time = 61.542 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 21
Wall clock time = 61.01 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 22
Wall clock time = 60.85 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 23
Wall clock time = 61.357 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 24
Wall clock time = 61.595 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 25
Wall clock time = 61.392 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 26
Wall clock time = 61.799 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 27
Wall clock time = 61.939 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 28
Wall clock time = 60.349 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 29
Wall clock time = 59.346 ms
fib done
Starting benchmark fib: 30
Wall clock time = 61.486 ms
fib done
